how are you see ya outside the store I
know that we're when you run into a
comedian that you don't normally hang
out with outside the store I mean I
would recognize you but sometimes you'll
meet someone that you met at a meeting
and then it's like that are Ralph and
you can't place the contest that's bad
especially if it's like an executive and
they really like you yeah remember them
are you good at faking it nope
tired well it's your tell I just say I
don't know I'm sorry
see I'm sorry where you go it's good
seeing you
instead of nice meeting you nope I've
done nice meeting you and they've go
we've met five times
no shit I don't think you understand the
volume of people that comedians
especially at your level like come
across every day yeah like how many
shows we do people come on come to you
afterwards and being like a great set
bubble blah and how many meetings in
generals are you aware of Dunbar's
number oh is that like how many number
of people use like a hundred or
something you can keep it some I don't
think it's an exact science but I think
they think it's somewhere around 150 I
believe it you got about a hundred fifty
people in your head and after that you
fucked yeah yeah it's stuff that makes
sense right there's no way you can keep
them all in there no that doesn't make
any sense yeah it's cool I'll tear this
or you don't having a chat yes yeah it's
like you feel the most come around with
other comedians outside the store when
you run into them at an airport I was
just thinking about that every time I go
to LAX I'll bump into like someone jo
koy or last time I was Bert Kreischer
and like Hayes's Trejo we're going to do
I think Utah it's just like a hub for
all of us yes so yeah you'll see so many
cuz we're all just transients we're here
for the middle of the week and then when
the weekends come for the club's we're
all going somewhere yeah want to come to
the store tuesdays like probably the
best night and people don't understand
why like it's so stacked like why is it
you why is it Bert why is it crash or
why is it Joey Diaz yeah like well we're
just biding time until the weekend right
and practicing yeah yeah it's the one of
the weird art forms that you can't prep
you can't practice alone you have to use
an audience yeah don't you think oh for
sure and even like I'll be telling the
same joke and I won't really change the
words it'll be like an inflection it's
almost like I don't know when a jazz
musician or something like plays a note
just a little differently mm-hmm you
know you ever notice how a joke won't
work maybe because I'm
I'm like making a meal out of this word
but if I kind of just like throw it away
yeah
oh now that fixes it it's interesting to
do it long enough where you realize it's
like it's not the words sometimes you
there's like performance new wants to it
depress the joke yeah it's on paper it's
the same joke you know what's really
weird is that none of this shit is
written anywhere mm-hmm look what we're
talking about you know the worst is like
I did
JAF out there doing a taping out there
for TV and they're like send us your
transcript look so you that means yet to
sit at a computer in like it it takes
the magic like whatever you're seven
minutes you want to do for the taping
they want you to sit on like on a Mac
and open up word and be like oh you guys
do or whatever just like type it all out
you need a better manager no but I think
like I refute I didn't do it I just
dodged it I asked alia cuz I used to do
it in the past and I was like yo they're
asking me to write this out it's taking
all the fun and organic like I feel it
would really hurt my performance yeah if
I literally wrote a transcript then I'm
like a robot up there and he was like
just don't do it and I go what happens
nothing nothing happens just be dodgy
it's some pencil pusher it doesn't make
any sense I think they get you know well
they have power over people that don't
have a name yet I think they have people
above them breathing down their neck and
then you know shit rolls downhill
so then to keep on asking like where is
it where is it change your number yeah
yeah well that's why I had like the reps
gonna be a buffer and yes very aloof and
like very busy they contact you at all
it was a direct to you thing as I would
I would see them throughout the fast and
they're lovely people I love these
people but like say no I play the game a
little better I go I'm not there yet I'm
not I'm not in your mother's pussy level
yeah I feel like it's a it's in your
mother's pussy yeah where's the
transcript you didn't check your mother
I swore that I thank your mom is the
fact that you know that it should be in
there yeah I should go check check
around the corner yes those the words
having to type it out but it's also like
just for laughs is a weird situation
it's evolved right use well yes it's a
weird way of looking at
used to be very valuable for comedians
now it's very valuable for just for
laughs because they have this enormous
platform and you go there and everybody
knows that all these great comedians
going to be there and they make an
enormous amount of money off the
comedian's it used to be the comedian's
would go there but at the end because
the industry would go there and the
whole key to the whole thing was
development deals for sitcoms and they
tossed out so much money I always hear
about the gold rush a day of jfl deals
are getting thrown out left and right
and like lives were made I don't know
that jfl but fake lives were made - like
they've ruined it like because I have a
theory about people who aren't comedians
like they think they see people laughing
at stuff and they see something's fun
they think it's funny but a comedian can
go this is just tricks yeah yeah well
cuz the amount the volume of comedy that
we want on a regular basis is so much so
we can discern like Ian and I will talk
about this we watch for students of
comedy we watch a lot of comedy people
can get like a huge pop out of the room
but like Ian can cut through the
bullshit and run all that like oh that's
a parlor trick oh yeah so it's a
different type of thing but I think a
lot of times you know suits and
everything they just hear decibels more
right place right time and they believe
this lightning rod moment or whatever
this great set isn't it is indicative of
their entire comedic being instead of
like a lucky roll yeah do you ever hurt
what a psych resident was his name
chicken that what I always hear that as
an example like I heard you blew the
roof he was the guy that ended it all
like literally because I think they gave
him a half a million dollars or
something crazy like that I kind of want
to see this chicken set like what was
the set that just blew everyone's mind
he was a handsome fella and he was young
and he was very energetic and they
thought he was going to be the next Jim
Carrey did you see him around was he no
leg I know I don't know where he was
from but I saw him at Just for Laughs I
saw him quite a few times and he was a
nice guy but he was terrible I mean in
the way that like it was just a bunch of
black
but there was no substance to it there's
no thought to it so they tried to put it
together they tried to make like a
development deal and he did a little
touring but it all went south and it
fell apart he eventually committed
suicide do you know how many years he
was doing himself in front of a school
that's cool yeah like like that's what I
had heard like you hung himself on a
tree in front of a school geez this is
last piece of performance art I don't
know if that's true see the thing is
like I shouldn't even say it on a
podcast of millions of people knows -
but I did but the hanging part is right
right yes he definitely committed
suicide which it's one of those things
men were like it if it didn't work out
and he didn't develop it didn't he
didn't he never became like a legit
comedian good thing all right over there
Jamie yeah I think if like if that had
happened and he actually had the equity
of a stand-up comedian and been doing it
for a long enough yes that would be like
a bump in the road but you can come back
from that oh yeah if that's just sort of
like your lotto ticket mmm then that's
why it was so drastic I think well some
people are just not they're great comics
but they're not really into acting
they're not the best at act and they got
kind of forced into acting yeah I love
Mitch Hedberg Joe Corey's like he's a
great standup you know and it's like you
know they'll come up to me and they'll
be like can you act I think that's like
going up to a shelf and being like can
you farm yeah that's true
I mean I'm butchering it but yeah but
there's such different things but it's a
you have an agent right and the agent
wants to make money since it's an avenue
for cash yeah and you know you look at
Seinfeld and Tim Allen and Roseanne and
Brett Butler there was all these
comedians the 90s that made uh ah slow
to money
yeah doing sitcoms well that's the
quicker payoff - I even noticed of my
own career like when I was a younger
comedian out here in my like early 20s
when I move from Seattle like when I
first got reps and stuff I was going out
on these auditions for like CW shows or
just whatever they just throw you
against the wall you're an actor
comedy is this thing you do at night
right they don't really give a shit that
you do standup probably don't even think
you're funny you know yeah it's just a
cute thing you do it's like a kid like a
dance recital or something like they
don't care as long as you're going these
auditions in the daytime so they just
hope that you hit on
like a series regular yeah and then
that's some cash flow for the biz but
luckily I mean I don't know I think your
say your successes are carved by your
failures so I'm kind of fortunate that I
would get some acting things here and
there but never anything substantial
enough to take me away from stand-up
well never anything substantial the
worst is when they tell you to stop
doing stand up because it's messing with
your acting role like that's they did a
Tim Allen oh really because his acting
it was you know he was on home
improvement it was a gigantic kit they
were making kazillion zuv dollars but he
was a I don't say he was a blue comedian
but he some of it was a little risque so
how did Tagget deal with it
he stopped doing stand-up oh okay so he
stopped
dude Saget stopped doing stand-up for
ever forever he really didn't start
doing it again until after that show was
done I feel like was that show again
holding house yeah yeah he stopped doing
it for a long time and then kind of
drifted his way back in and now he does
it regularly yeah yeah I think that's
you know maybe they did that at the time
but it's almost detrimental to let go
stand-up is your car like it's your
business you're in control over in the
TV stuff it's like one hand washes the
other
if you let that go you're letting go of
this revenue stream so that when the
acting gig is over you're kind of fucked
because this wasn't like building along
with it you know it also was a point of
confidence where you understand what's
funny and what isn't like you know how
to be funny because you're funny in
front of a live audience here at the
store you have to be there so much like
you're there more than someone at your
low you would expect someone your level
to be it you have to be yeah you can't
slack off everyone knows those really
famous guys had slacked off and started
to suck and the good thing is nowadays
the cycle of comedy we all do a special
basically every two years pretty much
all of us BRR
cry sure Segura re kind of everybody
kind of does a special or tries to do a
special somewhere around every two years
so every two years you throw it all out
and you're a beginner again yeah you
have no fucking act you're terrified you
have to come up with new premises and
scramble and that requires a lot of
performing yeah I like I was on here
talking about it was cool
here a guy like him even talk about just
the dilution of specials where he's like
they're not special anymore it's just
like a flyer or like a brochure for sure
that I'm still around yes that's all it
is a little bit yeah yeah I mean
obviously there's different degrees of
Polish with some of the specials and how
great some of them are but there's so
many now it's a weird name special yeah
we'll just left over from yesteryear
it's like wire albums a certain length
plays of the yeah but at least an album
is like a collection of music that is
all in one thing that you get that's
kind of been consistent forever a
special it's like what is it anymore
mm-hmm what is it I guess 45 minutes to
an hour of joke strung together yeah
yeah to let everybody know but it's also
like an album like if you go to see
Fleetwood Mac I don't know why the
fucker came up with Fleetwood Mac right
hey I like for the good Mac I do too
yeah but you're expecting the hits or as
a comic you're expecting the shit that's
not on the special expecting all new
stuff yeah yeah that is interesting
sometimes you'll get them where they're
like do that that's a very rare type of
aperio that's like Gaffigan gets that
for sure because he's got some classic
bits and I think that also happens with
Russell Peters I think he gets some
requests for classic bits mhm I get that
no they do I don't know how to do them
anymore I know I purged him I barely
know yeah someone who's yelling out
Bruce Jenner the other day I was like I
can't do that bet I don't know how to do
it I'll fuck it up yeah like you don't
want it you don't want me to do a sad
version obvious like what you could
remember or forget the taglines oh let
me do it again let me start again
yeah redo again fucked up guys how the
fuck does funny were happening yeah
let's go back to one so you are one of
the rare comedians it doesn't smoke pot
yeah I guess so talked about that and
it's kind of interesting especially
being in this industry not taking
advantage of that cuz it's especially
the store like you'll do a show and
they're like hey do you what these three
bags these three pillowcases of weed and
CBD oil and you're like don't take the
CBD oil either I haven't done like is it
good which it's great for you what would
I use it for it's great for anxiety it's
great for it reduces inflammation it's
great for a lot of people use it for us
it's like it's just good for you it's
like it's a it's a nutrient you know
it's healthy for you yeah it's hot right
now
Oh positivism I can get CBD on the
phones loves I don't love what CBD don't
love it BD
how you doing yeah canola's out yeah
canola is bullshit
that stuff's bad for you can you cook a
TBD that's a good question I bet you
can't I would imagine it has a low flash
point like it would burn quickly yeah
let's find out there's a high flash
point wait doesn't grapeseed oil have a
low cut grape pseudo I think has a high
flash point too I think it's good to
cook with oh yeah okay so take a longer
referred yeah okay it's a high
temperature flat high before it smokes
burnouts donor's bunch of losers but
they stink yeah there's some people that
do everything with weed and they need to
just stop where's the hemp people I feel
like you don't hear from them as much
anymore yeah there was like wait yeah
was that like the back door like this
hemp is cool what about well CBD is for
grandma that's how you get people to
vote for it because Grandma and Grandpa
use it and it helps their joints right
yeah like well I'll tell you what this
CBD I mean it's not doing anything from
the brain not getting high but my joints
never felt better feel amazed you know
CBD and I'm gonna vote for it and I
really want to get a hold of Trump and
let him know it's not bad CBD is it
really what is a region from the guy
it's random random old guy from the
middle of nowhere
CBD does revolutionize nutrition and
really affected my life in a very
positive way I think a little south
maybe Maryland maybe somewhere outskirts
of Baltimore people don't know you have
that gear or you forget look you do
voice it's really well well I don't have
that many though I can only do a few I
think are you the type though where if
you're doing a bit and you need this
person to talk or whatever you'll you'll
figure it out yeah I can get a few
there's a few voices I can get out you
know yeah cuz you're Alex Jones and like
you know I like so well know
Alex for like more than 20 years so it's
that's just easy yeah I've hung out with
that guy we've been hammered together so
many times it's like it's that is the
most misunderstood guy on the planet
he just needs somebody next to him
that's what he needs someone to go Alice
let's slow down like you had a really
good point there but you see the manager
who's always get them he even agree with
me we talked about I said you just need
like a rational journalist who's next to
you to like study goes you're right
you're right you're right I do need that
and I go just you need someone who's
just even Alice is it look he was right
about all this Jeffrey Epstein shit that
is a fucking fact Alex Jones called this
years ago years ago he was saying that
they take a lot of famous people to this
island and they have all these young
girls that this guy hooks them up with
he was talking about this years ago now
it is mainstream news and this human
hybrid experiments yes sounds like a
complete we were like we were like what
now it's fucking mainstream news this is
a fact man like people want to write
that guy off because he'll tell you he's
crazy he'll let you know he's crazy I
mean on my show there was one of them
was a favorite the funniest things he
ever said he's like look I want to be
honest with you I'm kind of retarded
fell to the ground laughs but that's who
he really is man people just have him
lumped in you know it's like some people
they don't represent the best aspects of
themselves right to people and then
other people try to define them like
people try to define you it's really one
of the things that it's really kind of
weird about the more famous you get the
more people try to define you in a way
that's detrimental or a way that's
dismissive and limited yeah like I've
noticed that after this Bernie Sanders
thing that I did so anybody listening to
this you if you're saying this I am NOT
right-wing at all so stop saying that
it's silly it's foolish I've interviewed
right-wing people I am 100% left-wing
the only thing that stops me from the
only things that I disagree with about
left-wing people is support for the
military support for police in the
Second Amendment that's probably it
everything else across the board I
being way left in terms of like Bernie
Sanders made a ton of sense to me and I
would 100% vote for him
tulsi gabbard is my favorite I mean I'm
not I'm not a right wing person so this
nonsense like so many people were saying
that you know that Bernie Sanders spent
this time on a right-wing podcast like
what what do you say sure and don't you
think he weighed the pros and cons of
like it was an opportunity for him and I
think I think was a win any idea who I
was really yeah I think it was one of
his young staff members who's friends
with Kyle kolinsky
who is a really good left-wing
progressive talk show guy on YouTube and
Kyle hooked it all up and this this idea
that you know it's bad for someone to
talk to people it's just it's foolish
yeah this is a weird thing that's going
on right now I thought was a great
platform for him and I get his ideas out
there and to be heard and something
other than just sound bites yes should
be taken out of context it's a great
platform I think for anyone who's
running for anything to have a long-form
conversation and it's good for us too
because we get to find out who they
really are
you really can't hide in a long
conversation yeah three hours yeah you
can't only do an hour and 10 with burn
that's all he had cuz you know the guys
running for he's legit running for Brett
like he could be present all right he's
not like you know some people that are
running for president like all right bro
yeah like what is that guy Zoltan what
is his name he was the guy was running
the transhumanist platform ish Devon how
do you say his last time very nice guys
that is for this come now was the last
one
it was 2016 we had him on but you know
it's like one of those guys all right
like Ben Gleib you like do you think
Ben's gonna win um oh I do okay
oh yeah but you got to respect the swing
that's what's great about this country
you know when I swing the swing what are
you talking about just like anybody
could run for breath yeah yeah it sounds
far-fetched like yeah okay hmm but I
mean you've gotta be crazy enough to
think you can be you well look anything
can and will happen when it comes to
being president like people get
assassinated people get exposed as being
a crime
like look do you remember when Michael
avenatti was the hero of the left the
demo parties like he's the guy that's
gonna run against Donald Trump he's
gonna take him down cuz he's tough and
he's distant he's fat and Michael
avenatti my can I have a knife I mean
that you there's a compilation of
left-wing pundits talking about the hero
that it's Michael avenatti you don't
hear a fucking word from that guy
anymore so if you were in a time capsule
right a year ago when everyone was
Michael avenatti crazy and they just and
then when they woke you up Fahim it's
twelve months later and you'd be like
looking over the news hey where's our
guy finality I mean I was that happens I
will have their champion and then this
other shit you know drr there's always
they ascend and then there's some like
dark shit from the past and then you
don't see them anymore but then there's
guys that you know like one of the
things that I was getting at during the
Trump campaign when he was running for
president the first time was like this
guy's not going away like this is not
going away he knows what he's doing you
know did you know
like how how like early in the campaign
did you kind of realize I don't know man
but my also did you you feel like you
had a better read on it just doing
stand-up across the country because I
feel like you get in a bubble you could
be in New York in LA and just be like oh
that's never gonna happen this is
ridiculous
but doing stand-up in some red states
you kind of you're with the people
you're doing jokes and like you get a
temperature of an audience moreso than
someone who just has a death job for
sure but also I have a lot of right-wing
friends a lot of right-wing friends
especially from the hunting world I have
a lot of friends that live in like I
have friends who live in Iowa and or
again and they have a lot of right-wing
friends too and there's the whole part
of the country that the big cities New
York and Los Angeles and the the big
Democratic leaning cities they were all
dismissing the the Democrats thought
that Hillary was the most experienced
and Trump was a buffoon and that that
grabbed her by the pussy tape that was
it we got it it's in the bag they all
believe that but the middle of the
country did not believe in her they
didn't trust her they thought she was
some sleazy politician who's been
involved in the business forever and she
licks her finger and figures out which
way the winds blowing
that's what she says and then they they
thought that Trump was a straight
shooter and he's gonna drain that swamp
and he's gonna do this and bring jobs
back and he's talking about clean coal
it's almost like I think it's just so
outside of the system like it seemed
like you could done anything just like
we want someone to throw a wrench into
it
yes that's it there's a lot of people
that just wanted a wrench thrown into it
and he definitely threw a wrench into it
and I think ultimately that's going to
be good for the left as well because
they're gonna realize that you can't
just get away with that same stupid old
school politician style of doing it
anymore I think he's just blowing up the
playbook even like even like Bernie
calling Trump was a stupid or an idiot
in a post or something like amazing this
is a new paradigm yes like they're
adopting they're taking pages out of
what worked for Trump yeah look we've
got a we've got to take some bully
tactics and then even a Moscow Mitch I'm
like oh they get it mmm
nicknames are the only thing that's dick
yeah yelling and then the rally like
Moscow Mitch like yeah this is part of
the PlayBook now sleepy Joe Biden yeah
that's my favorite as it evolved is we
like to think that we get as adults when
it comes to politics it goes back to
grade school the only thing that seems
to be effective is yelling Moscow Mitch
more you know sleepy Joe Biden or
Pocahontas yeah sixth and if rules like
Rickles just mmm yeah it's so
interesting and my favorite about the
Pocahontas one was when people were
saying that he's racist for calling
Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas it's a
Disney movie you can't you can't you
can't go down yes one called me Aladdin
I'd be juice Aladdin's cool little
monkey eats apples yes did you marry
someone I did that's pretty good yeah
got bad reviews I didn't attend it
people accepting what they did they felt
I what I read was that Will Smith
modernized it too much about me like I
prefer a classic Janie oh they used
modern urban for now yeah and they just
weren't uncomfortable with that
remember how I'm you know the first
photos came out of Will Smith as a genie
I loved how little it takes to whip this
nation into a frenzy
like I'll wake up and open up Twitter
and then the real Smith Jeannie everyone
is freaking out over that and he's crazy
how how we put them on the same pedestal
like some sort of Trump scandal or like
pedophile island and then the blue Genie
or sonic looks weird right Sonic the
Hedgehog himself both take on the same
amount of fervor on yeah same amount of
psychic energy yeah yeah one of my I
think one of the biggest gaffes biggest
mistakes ever was Ben Affleck thinking
he could be Batman if Ben Affleck never
ran of her Batman he would have 50% less
hate you think yes some people who liked
or no was it no one who liked Ben
Affleck is Batman even Ben Affleck
didn't like himself when was the last
time you heard anybody talk about Ben
Affleck is Batman
ready to go yeah no one Christian Bale's
Batman motherfucker even mikaelsons
Batman but he's old that's so hard
though you know like you're not gonna
hit a homerun of Batman every time with
everybody who does it and failed their
career hits a ditch who do you think
alright do you think ok Kilmer leveled
up or no from Batman well Kilmer did it
once and he did a good job but then he
decided to get fat mmm he's like fuck
this business what am I crazy
see in the Top Gun movie the new one I
hope so I'd be great although the lady's
not in it the girlfriend the really hot
blonde was her name Kelly something
another McGillis is that it yeah she was
beautiful back in the day I think she
might have gone the Val Kilmer out for
no long time what about Clooney you that
Clooney Nespresso and tequila who's
Nespresso he's his was like a comedic
take Arnold Schwarzenegger wait made way
more money than George Clooney in that
movie
oh we just say who would polity I think
we just say to each other no matter what
party we're at what is that Alicia
Silverstone she was in that and Chris
O'Donnell yeah but why did I forget
about that he was Robin now he's on a TV
show with LL Cool J what is that one is
it it it's like a NCIS that is something
that the same people who talk like that
guy was making from that's what they D
be are that
oh that's what you get the certain parts
of the country isn't it interesting to
find out what their favorite shows are
yeah yeah that's where all those NCIS
shows that's what they get all their
millions of you sure that that's
wonderful show Chris does a great job
and he just pairs well with LL Cool J
who's he's a little aggressive to me I
mean enough is always a good fella I
guess but I really love Chris I wish we
get more work we should bring them back
to the movies well thank you be an
excellent Captain Kirk
he could be Captain Kirk also oh I go to
my aunt house and that's just playing
all the time yes like burn I mean there
anymore but like did you have a show
yeah Jagr remember tall my god yeah
reruns of Jay my shows on jag love it
how the thing is like we can laugh about
these shows be like 20 season jag was on
for 20 seasons well we were just going
over Survivor the other day Survivor was
on when Fear Factor debuted it was
already on the air and that fear factor
came out in 2001 or two somewhere around
right after September 11th I remember
that because I remember being asked
questions like was it appropriate to
have a show about fear after September
11th like that some some guy asked me
that I literally wanted to climb through
the phone strangle them I'm like yeah
that's nonsense what are you walking so
stupid you're like I'm sorry I didn't
know that fear would play such a factor
for you yeah but so survivors been on
what do we say it was 28,000 seasons on
the 39th I believe 39 season it's still
going yes
you didn't even know no I think the
Amazing Race is still going to remember
that show yeah yeah
CBS is killing it yes I want won the
award every year for the Emmys like best
show up or best game show whatever
reality I don't know what it is but yeah
Wow 12 times in a row or something crazy
did you like fear factor more than cuz I
remember I loved news radio my favorite
shows so did you enjoy that more a fear
factor they're different things they're
definitely different things I enjoy the
paycheck from Fear Factor far more huh
I like working without actors but I
loved Newsradio way more Newsradio it
was just a far better Jo so it was
really well they're different things
they're very different animals it ruined
me it would it would it's like going
from the comedy store to Uncle fuck
sticks chuckle hut uh-huh and on Monday
night you know it's like every other
sitcom that I looked at every other
sitcom at a read for or that I got
scripts for rather just not good stuff
isn't interesting when you get sides
like just sides or just like one scene
or two scenes for a show and you could
tell it's good just turn that oh yeah
that's so rare it is rare yeah yeah when
someone's a good writer good sitcom
writing is hard to do man there's a
really hard gig I mean there's a but and
then but then some people have bad
sitcom writing but they know how to make
a bad successful sitcom like there's bad
successful sitcom their last forever
they're just unoffensive enough to stay
on the air and keep you watching with
your mouth slack I mean formulas exist
for a reason those big band kids they're
so they're so clever with their writing
that's what keeps this guy ever shut off
CBS but they're too hostile did you know
that your TV has other channels so what
yeah there's other channels of the
programming you watch well when they
took Bill O'Reilly off the air instead
CBS my channel yeah you ever been in the
like an audition and it's terrible
but everyone goes through the motions
where everyone's just like cracking up
like it's oh it's the greatest show on
earth
yeah Oh like it's Def Jam like because
the writers and the directors in the
room like the fake yeah they have to
because I think they need this rocket
fuel to get this project off the ground
yes and they need to give the writer
confidence they have to give the
director compliment I have to give the
studio people confidence that it's all
good it's a fake moment the fake laugh
it's gross and the thing is though like
it's also not only the girl but it's the
30th time there's just because there's
30 people in the waiting room mm-hmm and
they're laughing like it's the first
time they're faking it left and right
and we know fake laugh we do it's
offensive
someone's fake laughing at you it's
almost worse than Chanel laughs it is
worse than not like you know if you say
joking they're like ha ha like get him I
get you get out of here you bad person
yeah you you you you you it's the
quickest way to heckle oh right just
like a anything what I'm laughing yeah
it's like the Fredo thing no I was
afraid of that thing I thought you're
afraid of did you see that yeah of
course did you see that Chris Cuomo guy
said Donald Trump had the best line
today
Donald Trump won the Internet today with
this he said should we red flag Chris
Cuomo because he seemed unhinged he
looked he was using terrible language
should not have a gun he basically
exposed those red flag laws just like
you see a guy like that he's irrational
that guy's irrational he goes I'll wreck
your shit I'll throw you down I like
stairs with stairs comment that was I
enjoyed that look what is he talking
about cuz a guy called you Fredo and him
saying those same things the n-word I
didn't know Fredo was drug Tory or maybe
I'm new to it I just I'm not that I
would ever try to call someone Fredo
sometimes it's not it's a fuckin
character in a movie it's like a Latin
is it like there's no like I don't know
yeah yeah I'm Italian
there's no cultural context for Fredo
where people look what the fuck did you
say it doesn't exist it does not exist
right well you could say it for someone
who's a traitor but what that doesn't
even make sense with Chris Cuomo it's
just it's just a loser you know in a
movie well I guess I go you know what
he's trying to do I mean obviously he's
trying to insult him yes even if there
is no history of this word existing for
you know I mean I don't know if it does
exist or not but like you know this
guy's trying to take shots it's
certainly not a compliment
sure yeah I mean it's a loser in a movie
it's a brother that always fell short
and he turned it turned on his own
brother who was the Godfather
what is he wanted to be the Godfather
did he explained this insult to Chris
Cuomo that would be great gofredo was a
weak Italian in the movie and I'm
referencing your character yes you are
the son of a great man
cuz you know he's Mario Cuomo's son and
you probably you know let's let's be
honest about why you're here yeah you
know the name is familiar and you know
it helps yeah but it's it's that Italian
energy that like again this is my people
yeah this is my full Italian no 3/4
though but these people that that react
that way are common it's like what what
the fuck did you say to me well fucking
wreck your shit yeah but you're not
supposed to be a respected political
pundit and behave like that that is
nonsense
you know that's nonsense it's nonsense
so it's a silly way to behave it's silly
that guy needs to work out he works out
that's tough it's stuff we might be on
too much testosterone so we need to take
him to tell the doctor just pair you
down a little bit take whatever you had
just drop it by half settle down bro or
just work out really hard before you go
outside uh-huh do some yoga meditate I
like when those because Elly's pretty
passive town for the most part you'll
get some of those you'll get like an
East Coast guy no one afraid oh yeah we
don't actually fight here we just go get
my shine box yeah it's um it was a very
embarrassing moment but I think it's a
very important moment look at him first
of all he is Fredo
for life now I hope he understands that
he's Fredo for life unless you want to
get tossed down a flight of stairs
he ain't tossing anybody down a flight
of stairs that's nonsense he doesn't
want to get sued he's not gonna do that
touch somebody he'll hire someone it's
not doing shit not doing a goddamn thing
that's one of the reasons why it's so
funny he's not doing nothing this that
is Fredo you'll never get away from that
now better embrace that shit better
start selling Fredo t-shirts with your
face listen CNN's probably gonna fire
him outta me I think they're standing
behind him get the fuck outta ya are
they really pretty what act or
unprovoked ins yeah but someone calling
afraid
yeah man look up fighting words dude
someone called me Fredo I'm not even
Italian hard snap I go how dare you he
he's a silly man that that's what wood
exposes him and said he's a silly man
it wasn't like someone was being equally
aggressive to him and he was defending
himself
sometimes like if you're in a situation
where someone's very aggressive to you
you almost have to be aggressive back
just to let them know hey I'll go there
with you yes we could we could go to a
dark place right now and you know I'm
not gonna let you hit me I'm not gonna
let you do something to me if you think
that I'm a pushover you know I'm here to
defend myself but that wasn't that way
like someone was mocking him and he
turned violent I think it was a little
bit of a ssin where he just wanted to
get a rise and use recording from down
low they wanted him to do say Chris
Cuomo this is CNN CNN's lost their
fucking mind Chris Cuomo defended
himself when he was verbally attacked
with the use of an ethnic slur in an
orchestrated setup the spokesperson said
we completely support him for now listen
to me this is not done this is not done
this is just beginning to take on a form
of its own you can't you can't say
that's an ethnic slur that is a fucking
character in a movie news to me no it's
not that sir and him saying that that's
like calling it the n-word that is so
preposterous that is so offensively
stupid do you ever get that like people
20 shots or get you to slip or something
most people are nice yes I've had guys
say goofy shit to me and I try to say
goofy shit back till I get shadows or
just on the street it was in both things
but I'm not Anna I'm not a hostile
person yeah and look hostile yeah but
I'm not hostile like I'm nice for the
most I've had people get deke with me
and then what do you do how do you
handle it get deke back just like yeah
you sale $3.00 flex don't say that it's
just it's not that it never escalates to
that some people get worried you know it
gets weird the fucking autograph people
at the airport they like surprise
somebody off somebody pay somebody off
what do you do design orgies keep lost
oh my son won I'll sign one they get mad
at me I got a stock in these I go no no
I'm not working for you yeah it's not
working for you like there's people that
charge people they'll go to those
conventions and they'll sit at a booth
charge someone X amount of dollars like
it's like 20 bucks or more for an
autograph photo I don't do that I'm not
going to do that ever so I'm not I'm not
I don't I don't even want you selling my
picture I don't want it to be sold yeah
I don't want my autograph to be valuable
but if if I felt if I thought I'd was a
really a fan and they wanted me to sign
something that's different
yes I would sign something for him we'd
be happy to instead of like a four year
old guy with a ponytail Kodak of fucking
photos of me in various you're selling
those yeah I know you're selling those
so some got one guy got mad I mean he
was like following me around
LAX I was like dude I'm not signing any
more it's like next time I see you okay
I'm like I'm not signing but you know by
sign going one of them you're making it
very valuable if you sign the whole
status fine I just not gonna be rude I'm
not gonna be root so I'm just trying to
like lick I'll sign one and I tell them
that like I got a bunch of them in
Portland this weekend they were there
was like ten people met me at the
airport
a small sign one I think one is good but
I refill Adelphia they got mad he tried
to get me some another one I go I'm not
saying that and he goes he goes you
don't fuck you fuck could forget your
fans I go you're not a fan I go you're
selling needs what you think they're
worth a lot I go if they're like that
this is a weird mental gymnastics dude
you better be worth your fucking
autographs worth about 625 I go and
you're a mooch I do you over here trying
to get me to work for you I go go get a
job and we so we had this like weird
conversation like what are you saying
you want me to sign these so you could
sell them but you're saying they're not
worth anything so I'm a loser but you're
meeting me at the airport to try to give
yourself things sorry you looked at my
flight it's so silly it's so silly but I
just don't like the idea of it because
primarily I don't like the idea that
there's some weird loophole where
someone can get you to work for them
they're just showing up and your sign is
real quick and I'm gonna sell them cuz
it's you you're asking someone to work
for you even if it only takes five
minutes or they're taking time off from
you one guy had 30 pictures he had 30
back oh how many you got there he goes
30 I go you out of your fucking mind how
funny would it be if you just thought it
was a good a Turk if you sat at a
Starbucks and you just did them all oh
yeah I called on family just go through
these the UFC makes fighters do that
they sit down but they give them out to
fans and they do stuff with the
promotional material that's not one guy
and everybody signs them like all the
fighters in the card sign them and you
know they're valuable to fans as a fan
like I have I have a signed poster out
there from Efrain Reyes
that I purchased and the Efrain Reyes is
like the world's greatest pool player
I love pool and he's this Filipino
wizard they call him the wizard his
amazing pool player so I saw I bought it
like it was signed by Ephraim Reyes I
got so excited but I would never ask
Efrain to sign something and then sell
it I'd track him down their planet
someone at the at the promotion for the
tournament they probably got him to sign
a bunch of them they sell them and it
probably was helped offset the costs and
but there's just so that the autograph
collector is a different animal than the
autograph seller so if you're a person
that is just like I love Fahim comedy's
really funny I want to go to the comic
store and see if I get them to sign
something for me that's a fan for sure
but if you have 30 of them you're gonna
go on eBay and you gonna try to make 50
bucks that's what you're doing well
you're not gonna make 50 bucks he's
gonna tell you right now they might if
they hold on they sit on what have you
seen I was surprised because like I came
to the store I always see at the store
you know and you're like oh man your
videos are funny and like I don't know
what you watch you're just going to
other level I don't I don't think it
even reaches you oh that's nonsense that
that other level thing is a complete
total illusion no because you are a
rarity I think of the comedian's of the
store who have gotten to a certain point
where you kind of have a relationship
with everyone at The Comedy Store from
the door guy to the waitress is to like
you know stand ups like me or like
Santino or even like you know you have
relation with everyone you come through
you spend time at the store you have
you're being pulled by a lot of things
like UFC and the family and all the
stuff the podcast but you will hang at
the store well that's a community it's
very important to me that community
means it means a lot it means a lot and
I like I like supporting the
up-and-coming people I think it's very
important I think all the door people
the guys worked a lot those guys are all
there we're all gonna work together some
day you know it's very possible they'll
they'll be you know I'll be at one
theater they'll be at another theater
you know I'll be in a club over here
they'll be at a club over there we're
all
yeah it's just an illusion it's just
time and I think it comes from martial
arts because in martial arts
everybody trains together you know I'm a
black belt in jujitsu but I'm as
friendly to the white belts as I am to
other black belts we shake hands we hug
if I roll I'll roll with the guy who's
news just starting now give them tips
I'll help them out you know we're all in
it together and I feel like that's the
approach that I take with comedy the
same approach I don't believe in this
elitist shit I think it's stupid I think
it's it's bad for everybody it's bad for
the person who becomes elite even more
so than it's bad for the the
up-and-comer because the upper covers if
you don't if you just mess up and comers
and you treat them like shit like you
treat them like you're better than them
you're above them you don't need to like
talk to them you don't make eye contact
with them you ignore them when they're
trying to talk to you and I've seen that
from comics and I think it's bad for you
for them it just makes them angry you
know they can't wait till and I have
been in that position before where
someone's dismissed me and been shitty
to me and then I surpassed them Fame was
and then passed by and then they become
friendly and weird with you and you
never remember yeah it's very strange
and you see the 180 and something you'll
be in comedy long enough to see plenty
of 180s and it's not I mean you'll I'll
give you some names after the show oh
really yeah I would love that yeah yeah
name some good names juicy and then you
you act however the relationship is now
at this point in time yeah but that's
always in the back of your mind like I
remember when it was not this but
there's there's also I want to give
someone an opportunity for redemption
like I want to believe that they've
changed you know I've it's hard I don't
want to be that mean person who's like
that fucked that guy for life sure for
sure but I do like hopefully that they
grow that maybe they've grown as a
person yeah and even been humbled
because the career kind of like skid and
it came to an abrupt halt and they're
trying to rebuild yeah they used to be
someone that thought that they could
there was a time mostly pre-internet
where comics looked forward to doing a
couple things one for one thing they
look forward to was bumping people doing
a lot of time they yep they're like but
the bumping people was the big part it
was
just doing time so like do any time
thing if you like dave chappelle calls
up and says I want to do a half an hour
nobody cares like he's really gonna do
he'll wait til everyone's gone up and
then he'll go up at the end of the night
he's a beautiful person I love that guy
to death he's he's the exception to the
superstar rule because he's a sweetheart
of a guy but there are some that wanted
that spot of the bumper where they could
just show up oh my god Mike's here
Mike's here for him I'm sorry Mike's
going up mike has to go up and Mike
looks like I'm going up you know there's
a few of those like I fed them yeah feed
some feeds them to let them let you know
that you're not on their level yeah I
like that happens way less now oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah well first of all because
people like us talk about it on podcast
like if this is one guy that was like a
super dick to you and you're like let me
tell you something Joe there's a fucking
guy you know
it's we're all comics man just like when
you go to a jujitsu school you take a
class or two classes you're a fucking
martial artist you know you might suck
yeah but you're a martial artist if
you're you're up down that goddamn stage
your comic in in my eyes you're just
like me I'm just I've been doing it for
thirty years and you've been doing it
for less yeah yeah that's what it is
that's that that's the only difference
it's just a time in and if you get
thirty years down and what you get out
of those thirty years is that you're
better than everybody and that you can
act like you're better than everybody
and you're aloof and you're dismissive
you've missed everything I think
beautiful like when I come to the store
yeah I like that I get hugs yeah yeah
it's always hot start coming back like I
would just think like I'd be on the wall
you're like yo what's up what's up hey
hey man look at me a hug you know and
like we haven't really like talked a ton
but that something as little as that
goes so far well that's nice yeah I hope
it does go far I want I want comics to
feel good about the community that we
have yeah I remember because when I got
past the store it was the Dark Ages like
I know the stores had various Dark Ages
Bobby talks about like the 90s and stuff
but you are at the ice house so like you
weren't even really part of the story
you were still just like going there a
lot
you know yeah so it was very cool for
you to come back and Adam take over and
then it just kind of evolved into what
it is now it's crazy because I remember
when it was not that and there was kind
of a beauty in it though I'm like pretty
fortunate in hindsight that I got past
then what year was this have passed in
like 2010 you know that was three years
into the dark ages the dark ages start
at two thousand seven huh yeah yeah it's
also crazy to like know that you know
the history and see the video and then
oh I exist on this timeline now yeah the
store was just you know what I'm living
in Seattle it's this far away place even
Hollywood and entertainment in all that
it's just this place that exists on a
box it's not real it isn't it isn't
right
this isn't a real thing and then you
move to LA and I'm hanging at The Improv
I'm a ghost you know people are walking
through me walking through me and I'm
just like my hands aren't it and I just
hang out and that's part of the deal you
just have you realize leaving your
apartment yeah is a win in itself like
you may not be getting up as much as you
want to but even just like being out
it's a win yeah it's gonna be like oh
you should do my you know because out of
sight out of mind
yeah so I was a lawyer at The Improv I
was nobody and then how it's like it was
like Sandler and someone and like maybe
Kevin James I think Sandler Kevin James
I want and that was like I'm sure that's
very standard I mean I've been here so
long it's a very standard now you see
million people like I very I don't get
starstruck at all but it's kind of like
oh fuck
those are people in a box other people
in the box that I watch right and they
just walked in so that was kind of like
a little mindfuck an adjustment you know
well when I was in Boston in 1988 when I
started Mecca was the store man that was
where Pryor performed and Sam Kinison
and Hicks started out there and Hicks
used to STATS he was a doorman there and
you know Letterman was there Robin
Williams was there it was just it was
Mecca and I thought when I first started
doing comedy when I when I realized like
okay this is what I want to do like
after the first set I ever did I was
like okay this is what I'm doing I'm
doing this now I'm all-in
you know took me a while to get funny
but I mean I
I had it in my head that I was gonna get
to con the The Comedy Store oh yeah and
then when I finally got there I remember
thinking how surreal it was cuz I was
like I guess I was 26 25 no 25 or 26 I
think the first time I stepped foot in
the store and we were sitting in the
back of the room going holy shit I can't
fucking believe I'm here isn't it odd
it's it's just the place yeah but it
isn't it's not it's not just a place I
know but like when you I guess the
manifestation of the place like okay the
stage there's chairs there's a table you
ever see in the daytime yeah alright
this is the space it's odd it feels like
it's waiting yeah like it's waiting it
doesn't come alive until nighttime yeah
it's like a bedded animal like a
hibernating bear yeah and at nighttime
man the drinks start clinking and you
know the comedy starts flowing and Jeff
starts playing the piano it's an
interesting room to when you first
started doing it was it difficult cuz
it's not a NAT it's not a it's not an
easy room the war is on yeah the o.r I
consider the Oh are the Comedy Store yes
people will come through and be like oh
yeah I better store I go I go what what
room they're like one of the main room
okay cool
main room is cool but it's not the heart
and soul of the Comedy Store
the Moammar is intimate nothing gets
lost right the main room you kind have
to be it's so big and there's that
second tier you know how the step goes
up to like be able to have that laugh
wave hit that back row yeah you're
really working you're performing and the
stage is so big you have to be more
theatrical to kind of do a serviceable
job in that room but in the or it's like
literally you're just watching a man
gather it's not or a woman you know just
like you could be real you can be you
don't have to be like right you have to
protect as much yeah
yeah well there's different kinds of
comedy right mm-hmm
what's the largest crowd you've ever
done I've been watching your stories and
stuff and that's fucking insane like
even when you're in the green room and
you just hear these murmurs it sounds
like you know look I'm angry mom's gonna
kill yourself it's but they're all just
like filtering into this giant theater
maybe 3,000 or 4,000 and that was that
was a trip for me
but you notice when you do 3,000 or
4,000 that there's like you have to give
them more pause oh yeah
more time for the set the the joke the
punchline to settle - laughs to settle
before you move on to another but what
another great about doing it so long is
stand-up is this conversation with the
audience so you know to wait yeah like
you have inherent timing yeah another
comic would just kind of know the timing
of the club and just like plow into the
next joke while they're still getting
last my theater yeah you can't do that
but I took I was talking about this
yesterday with Tom Papa that one of the
reasons one that one of the best lessons
I've ever had was actually sitting in
the audience at one of Richard not
Richard Lewis blacks not rich Lewis
confusing I mean I would confuse it yeah
the word Lewis Lewis black show in New
Jersey he was there the night before me
and Joey Diaz and I sat in the audience
and he would hit a punch line and people
would laugh and then he would hit the
tag and I couldn't hear the tag because
all the other people were laughing
around us and I was like you gotta be
like a little more sedative yeah yeah
yeah you can't just hammer them like in
the story at the oor you can hammer them
punchline punchline punchline punchline
you could beat the fucking shit out of
them that way and it's a different kind
of comedy you if you have that style of
comedy you might struggle a little bit
with the theater and you'll definitely
struggle in an arena arenas and
amphitheaters are another animal I feel
like just having no ceiling how does
that work is that Saturday night that's
music huh
I had a great time we had a great time
ally McKellen coughs key killed she had
a great time Ian killed it was fun it
was fun but it's definitely different
yet I think it's different because I
think there's such fans you know
obviously I think they're gonna be tuned
in yeah it's different when you're like
I'll do some festivals sometimes or I
mean back in the day you would do a
college or something and it's just
outside and if they don't know who the
fuck you are
yeah and it's a daytime and it's outside
yeah you flew to pick up a check Paul
you all you got to do is not lose your
mind onstage and you can collect your
check if you're like like then you're
not gonna your money well it's a matter
of whether or not you're have
being fun if you're having fun and you
enjoy performing and you your materials
good so you know it's good you have fun
sure and again have a good time and the
absurdity of the situation is funny but
obviously it's not going to be like a
regular Club Saturday yeah
dude I'll take you if you want to come
I'll take I'll take you one of the crazy
I mean that's just seem that's a mine
forever it's like that would be like a
stand up float tank well you know Ali's
only 22 yeah she's so young yeah and
I've been taking her with me and her and
Ian and the first arena she ever did
well here's Ali right she's done clubs
with me she does improve with me all the
time she does a store with me all she's
the door yes beauty of the system store
it's like one of the last places like
that yeah there's a system in place and
yeah yeah she works the door of the
store and she performed in front of
10,000 people I went back to checking
IDs that's the mind fucking with a young
comic do these crazy things and then
you're back at your job but she's wild
and hungry and yes I don't worry about
Sally she's fine she's great she's
really talented too but um you know so
the first big show she had done before
that was the Mirage in Vegas I love that
Claus yeah I love that Club I started
doing that Club and then I went to
bigger arenas and I came back to that
Club because it was so much fun because
most the time when I do Vegas I do it
the night before a UFC like on Friday
night and I was doing these big giant
places like the car theater which is
like a hundred foot tall see more than
100 feet tall ceiling it's a Cirque de
Soleil place but it was too weird it
wasn't it wasn't the right setup for
comedy and the Mirage is so perfect just
a Terry Fator yes yes yes so I went back
to so that was the first time she'd ever
done anything big and she walked out
there looked she fucking owned the place
she's like she owned it yeah it's just
like she had a bet the best set I ever
saw her have there and then I said okay
you want to do arenas she's like ah so
that's ballin so we did this crazy place
in Portland Portland was insane
damos off-the-charts almost too big
almost two to one what was almost too
big but almost too powerful did they do
concerts in there normally or is that
space it's basketball oh shit that's
what the Blazers play yeah for real yeah
whoa great it's like you're cannon
before your set yours yeah I had up my
buddy cam Haynes who lives in Eugene
which is real close to there was in that
same place a couple weeks before that
for a game he's like dude I can't
fucking believe you're coming here to do
comedy like what is this yeah nuts you
would almost think is like a consumer of
comedy what is that experience like and
is it still like the beets have got to
be so different than like a club like
that there was fun man I was watching
Ian on stage and he was murdering and I
was laughing my ass off it was great
it's it's all in the acoustics of the
building and the modus Center in
Portland is a really new theater or a
new arena it's it's really well made so
the acoustics are excellent there's
nothing is lost cuz that's my work in a
space that big that no one can hear what
you're saying and it's muddled and I've
done some big places where it's not the
best I've done some big places where you
hear a little echo ooh this could be a
problem so you have to be a little
clearer with what you say like you
almost got to take some of the spice out
of your joke you know spice out of your
delivery because it's a little echoey
the best though the best is the ice
house or the store or the improv like
200 people 300 people damn fast BAM and
that's why comedy clubs are a certain
size mm-hmm if it ain't broke don't fix
it it's also because that's all they
could see I mean it's hard to sell like
prov like Joe Rogan comedy clubs and
they're all like 20,000 see you know
yeah I mean it's also when Joe comes
around we're having a tough time getting
people to come out it's I mean how many
there's not that many people that are
doing those places like Kevin Hart Dave
oh that's so crazy to like you guys
teaming up to do a tour if you're a
comedy fan how great is that dude we did
25,000 people in Tacoma uh-huh
we broke the oh you got my brother and I
think he hit up Ian yeah it was like
because I think I was in London so I was
sleeping like the time is off
so then he just DMD inand he was like
hey I'm his brother can I come to the
show the Dave things are crazy though
because he brings a DJ and Donnell
Rollins gets out there and gets
everybody hyped up and it's the fucking
DJs in between it's like oh it's so next
level let's go concert yeah
pasta just you feel crazy like is this
really hot like even Dave he was like
this is fucking crazy man like we were
all like this is to get him to say this
is crazy
yeah we were all like this was crazy we
all realized this is something because
people are so pumped that we're doing it
together yeah was mad it's like I can
watch the Throne tour Kanye and jay-z
yeah yeah we're gonna do more we're
trying to figure out where and how but
we had a great fucking time why not it's
just so rock star shit they show up at
places and have IVs ready they do
intravenous vitamin infusions with
glutathione and how do any 12 shots how
did you feel after like I could run
through a fertile yeah how did you feel
before and then after we just like tired
you know we're traveling and we're up
late the night before and then you get
juiced up with vitamins and you just
like where's that tree yeah you feel
fucking excellent this I guess you know
they don't rock stars know what they're
doing
yeah and I'm sure you're only doing a
fraction of what they do and they have
something different I've either probably
have some other bag we don't even know
about
probably yeah it's probably some illegal
shit and yeah like they're probably
doing nad they're probably doing a lot
of different things yeah yeah bus looks
insane at the end of the day though back
to the grind like tonight I'm doing the
belly room you know I'm doing improv we
got 10:30 at The Improv Oh tank double
dip yes always you ever do you don't do
factor you really huh is that cause a
tape yes okay
yeah they taped me they tape everybody
they put your shit online but like say
we're not gonna do any more but they
still have the camera mmm jeez not trust
them because like they'll send it to me
with the clips and I'll be like I don't
it's not ready her I don't want to put
it out there and then they respect it
that's a bill burr said yeah and then I
found the shit online I'm oh yeah look
at that he's like what the fuck I was
like Yemen like somebody work in there
that's not listening to this you know
and maybe they don't do that anymore and
I hope they don't but but my chance it
just doesn't feel good
it's just that was very poor the way it
was handled was like you should be happy
that we're putting it online it was not
good I'll tell you all about later okay
but it's just there's plenty of room at
the improv and the store yeah I don't
need to go there I don't wish it I mean
well it's a great club it's fun to work
out sure you know I know you mean though
it's like I'm in Tarzana now and like
one will be like hey do you wanna do
this show in Irvine and that's just like
saying my shows on Mars
alright fine at 8 o'clock you might as
well leave your house yesterday but
Burke can you chopper me to yeah chopper
no you gotta go I was working at Boeing
I had a co-worker who was learning well
he had his hours up and everything so he
fly he flew choppers and during our
lunch break he's like you want to go in
the chopper Jesus I was like sure so
then he's like let's take the doors off
what yeah this guy's trying to kill you
nah but like mine it was crazy I figured
why not gonna go in a chopper that's
true
so for my lunch break I went in a
chopper what this guy I recorded it Wow
and then it's my mom she's fun yeah if I
had a son and I was a woman and my
little boy was in a plane flying over
the doors and off that doors off yeah
maybe you didn't serve him on the
shitter told her like that it was my
coworker yeah yeah you should have said
it was like a super experienced fighter
pilot he's a military guy yeah 20 years
experience yeah yeah it's weird when you
go up in a in a bird with like someone
you know though so well I did it first
in high school when I was in high school
my friend Mike Mike warbell he was uh
taking small plane lessons and we flew
around this whole small plane he's like
fucking he was my age maybe he was older
than me like one year I think I was 16
he was 17 maybe maybe but no more than
that he's gotta trust them and like I
said flying in a fucking plane
had a co-pilot it was like an instructor
so that's better than yeah it was taking
lesson with him but that was the first
time I was ever in a little tiny ass
plane I was in high school it seems like
a rough way to die I just don't like
even with all the training and all that
I'll leave to the pros
mm-hmm like if JFK couldn't do it well I
think that JFK story was more
complicated I think he was involved with
I think that that flight was like no
visibility I think you ran into fog and
like a more experienced pilot would have
known the weather conditions yeah the
best to be going up yes and also you you
have to understand how to read the
gauges because you got to know what
altitude you're at and the gauges have
to be 100% functional yeah I don't know
what the whole story was with his death
but I believe Google whether or not
JFK's body had cocaine in it Google that
know RFK what's his name jr. not RFK
JFK Jr's body had cocaine in it because
I think there was some cocaine involved
if I'm not mistaken fly in the clouds
I'm in the clouds big doesn't even have
any like lessons he's just like the
plane I think he knew how to fly and I
think he was I think he was unprepared
for no it's you know how it is like he
was off the Cape right was wasn't
someone in your Massachusetts that
fucking those clouds get thick bro I
mean you don't see jack shit so you're
flying around that fly you want 500
miles an hour and right in front of you
is white that's all you see 500 miles
down through the white and just knowing
kind of just knowing this isn't a good
situation yeah you're fucked and you
kind of know yeah yeah well when I lived
in Colorado I remember there was a time
that I was driving up this hill we were
pretty high up we were about 8,000 feet
above sea levels 3,000 feet above
Boulder and as we're driving through the
hills up to the house the fucking clouds
were so thick you couldn't see five feet
in front of the car so you're driving on
a mountain road sometimes has no
railings to the left it to the right and
it's just death to the left and you're
driving up this mountain road you can
see jack shit so you literally have to
turn the fog lights on so you the
regular headlights are no good shut
those off and you have to have fog
lights on it's fog lights just kind of
light the ground yeah yeah that's why
they exist yeah that like people like
people don't think of what a fog light
is cuz most time you don't really have
to deal with fog fog light is a little
like down below you'd see a little bit
yeah instead of blinding it just yeah
otherwise you just see bright white did
he say anything about that but they were
check info wars.com yeah you go to the
wrong source dude use Google but being
is Bing at Jamie 8:30 at night and they
were flying over water that had no
features the remember water it was dark
and foggy yeah basically pitch-black
yeah and he didn't have a flight plan
either and he he told an instructor that
offered to go with him he wanted to do
it alone Oh what but you didn't find
anything about cocaine I googled that
nothing popped up did something popped
up that they might have had a past of
that but it nothing said I know I wrote
on top see nothing said that okay maybe
I made it up it's possible let's put in
the Wikipedia page just just think my
memory vary so wildly it's confusing and
I'm wondering if it's old age or if it's
just a just an overwhelming amount of
data in my brain and my hard drive is
just completely run out of space maybe
there's some overlap like a similar
story first sure there is because I'll
have conversations with someone
sometimes and they'll ask me where we'll
be just talking about something well
that's not exactly how it happened
this is what happened and because of
this because as they evolved they
developed the ability to do this and
that and I just had know this I'm like
why do I know and someone goes will you
a fucking biologist might know I'm an
idiot yeah I do retain a lot remember
things I'm good I don't want retain
something sometimes I forget who I was
talking to or who said what or how where
where this idea came from it's weird
yeah it's not it's not selective yeah
it's not that good it's like but it
helps when I'm taking nootropics which I
didn't today today I didn't take any
alpha brain we don't why don't we have
any here how come you don't have any
here Oh give me the hell thank you oh
man how does this work well your brains
gonna grow hope your head familiar it's
flexible just like the headphones are
swell from the head a lot you used to
use used to rabid other than here yeah
you
to work at Boeing is this like a Elon
Musk moment guys am I gonna be a mural
yeah crazy from me too I mean I didn't
even think twice about giving him weed
really you didn't think like all this
will be a moment it was just oh I
thought were just hanging out me and my
buddy Elon yeah
smoking a little weed like normal like
there's like no you see the Ross Baines
painting in the green room we're in the
cloud it says 6% oh no yeah go look at
the smoke cloud again because he lost 6
percent of the stock jeez but he got
back it was up to 9 percent the next day
went up three percent but his street
cred went fuckin through the roof dude
I drove his car here that guy deserves
everything he gets that car is got a
time machine I'm still a Mazda 3 2007
man myself
yeah I'm a purist someone's I'll get a
brochure in the mail like get the 2019
Mazda 3 like I'm gonna put a bullet in
my head if I get to Mazda threes in a
row don't get a Mazda 3 but get in the
Miata yeah those are dope isn't a
punchline I don't give a fuck who's
making that joke they don't know what
they're talking about in front of me
bullshit - the Miata is a fucking
fantastic car I'm not bullshitting it
has very low horsepower but it's super
likely this will be my like defense some
people make fun of me they have a lot of
horsepower it's really lightweight
doesn't have a lot of horsepower it's
very low I think it's less than 200
horsepower under an 81 yeah it's but
Miatas are amazing cars but everyone how
many times do here is a punchline
those are hacks sure those comedians are
funny there's certain words that are
just like go to like Chipotle's a great
this Chipotle's a great wine hard they
still make them in a in standard with
the standard transmission I just wanna
say thank you mother you're welcome
Mazda 4 it's a fucking great car man I'm
not kidding they're really fun to drive
they handle really well I like mine I'm
at a very tactile but a Mazda 3 is
different than a Miata right how much
different is it I mean probably pretty
different what is that one that were
right there 2019 Mazda mx-5 mx-5 Miata
what with rx-8 to see that red one the
cool red color yeah but good with the
one above that
look at that with the removable roof ooh
that's like a target I could be on the
beach that is a dope car people are
crazy they just want it they want higher
horsepower if that was instead of a
Miata of that was a Tesla Tesla made an
electric Miata that goes zero to 60 in
one second
get on everybody would want that car
yeah dude it's a great car yeah
drive one all right you know a test
drive a Mazda Miata go to in it's cheap
how much is it me honor like 28 grand
dude come on come on I'm not
bullshitting for 28 grand you get a
great car I'm not kidding I would try I
just would never think that you would
have this much passion about the Mazda
Miata and it's really refreshing I am an
automobile enthusiast
yeah I love cars I saw the cars here I
love engineering mm-hmm I'm a fan I know
oh yeah I love mechanical things I love
how people design things and what
they've done with the Miata is they've
made a car that it always has a loyal
fan base that continues to buy them
because they don't break the bank it's
not something that you pull up to the
club and everybody thinks you're like
some super baller but it's a fun car to
drive they're a really fun car to drive
they're super lightweight they're very
agile they handle great they still make
them with a manual transmission yeah
mine stick yeah they're fine man it's a
fun car to drive
don't be hey no meows all right but how
do you feel at Mazda 3 though I want the
same love for the month I get a Prius
yeah you're in the Prius category you
know what's happening with Tesla it's
interesting because when you for a while
you could be driving a Prius and no one
knew if you were rich or poor it was the
great equalizer sure but Tesla came
along and they're like you know now you
can stunt and save the earth now people
know you're rich and pious before you
don't know if this guy's poor or
DiCaprio yeah but now it's like so all
the poor guys who want to go green are
kind of fucked mmm but a Prius is
difference because it's a hybrid like
that was the only option back in the day
that was the only option
Mercedes has an s-class Mercedes
for the food chain Mercedes that's also
a plug-in hybrid it's just a new one
that they just released like Jeremy
Clarkson was raving about it mmm it's
supposed to be this incredible car so
Mercedes is actually making like plug-in
hybrids for their top of the food chain
vehicles that's pretty cool pretty
something that's no it is it is new but
it's also it's like a little bit of a
step back because it has gasoline but
the step up is going to be a car that
charges and it charges in a normal
amount of time like an hour - how long
forever we have a supercharger here we
have a supercharger installed here and
it still takes I don't know probably
five hours five hour dead
yeah if it's dead it'll probably take
five hours maybe six mmm you know but
like if I come here and it like full
charge is what does it get three hundred
and fucking ninety miles or something
like that somewhere around that range
are you not really are you having to be
a little better with your planning like
alright I'm gonna put it in here I'm not
going anywhere with it I go to LA I go
to the comedy store like I have like
this weekend I'm in Anaheim for the UFC
yeah driving that fucking for you crazy
what happens anybody have electricity a
concise anybody can sit here with me for
eight hours yeah there's not a goddamn
thing you can do you have to call a tow
truck
and they have to bring it to a charging
station and then you have to sit there
like an asshole you know
it's uh but the technology if you you
can't look obviously I'm kidding in some
way because it's super simple it's Scott
you've seen one the inside right the
giant screen I've only seen from the
outside because like the phone right
here is hidden because the Comedy Store
is turn into a Tesla dealership kind of
how you know how you know the store is
in a Renaissance where it's like just so
many Tesla's coming in and out of the
place not just Tesla's like Russell
Peters pulls up in a Ferrari and it's
like a Bentley tow just got a Bentley
yeah a Ferrari
no a Lamborghini Lamborghini yes you
like now must be the most trying time to
be a lot guy at the Comedy Store just a
man
the bullets they sweat having to move
cuz know that parking lot in the comedy
store who is like Tetris yeah there's a
finite amount of space and they've got
to fit all the paid regulars cars in
there and the price is the price that
all these are insane now the problem is
they're letting these promoters park
there aren't they being better about
about saying like you can't park in just
a lot they should detonate they're like
I'm a tow truck is just like a stick of
dynamite is to giant like Kevlar tarp
that they throw those cars just detonate
them just during the set you just hear
promoter because there's so many people
that Park back there like you're not
even a comment what do you do not only
that though like the back bar and I sold
the back I had yo area weird cuz that's
like our home that's kind of where we
hang out before we have to go on stage
and we want to see like you or Santino
and just like chop it up before we have
to go on stage and then it's like who's
this and they talk to you and they
interrupt conversations and not in a
snooty way but it is a bit of a way it's
like a dugout it's like a baseball
dugout adderal people go back huh yeah I
talk too much - yeah right they have
more confidence than me back there I'm
like they have a knurled confidence I've
never done that at all have you don't
isn't it big now like every student has
taken it a lot of people are taking it
it's a big thing amongst journalists
journalists and writers because they get
more work done because you're on speed
like there was a guy that I had in here
that was writing a book on he wrote that
book on honey rest Thompson was it uh
what is it what is it what is his book
something gonzo something anyway um he
was talking about how he needs it to
write you can't write without it is it
just the deadlines and the workload is
insane and that's a way that kind of you
don't with it you don't need it to write
can you move your fingers you will you
sure yes Teague yes yeah that's the
natural thing to do but some people want
quick fix
well it's not necessarily quick fix it's
like you can get it go Timothy didn't
ever yeah isn't that very nice like
mental debt if you keep some book let's
name the book yeah mental debt yeah
called you become a crackhead freaking
freak Kingdom yeah you become someone
who is on stimulants all the time and I
know several people that have an issue I
know one guys completely lost his
fucking mind thinks everybody's against
him thinks that everyone's done him
wrong and he's just out there cracked
out in the middle of nowhere unfuckin
adderall every day and making YouTube
videos and there's a lot of people like
that man there's a lot of people like
that it is a meth like drug it's very
very very very similar to meth yeah this
is a different release in terms of like
that how quickly your body processes it
crazy how widespread it is for something
like that then it's fucking stimulants
man it gets people if you can
effectively do your job and you don't
commit any crimes and they can sell you
that stuff and make a profit and then
you actually are more profitable when
you're on that stuff then not then
fucking have at it that's how people
look at things and look when I was when
Pop was sort of legal when it was
medically legal I had a bullshit
prescription your back hurt oh yeah
everything yeah did you go to the hot
doctor you know like you would see on
Sunset Boulevard it's like this like
Persian chick was like no subscribe you
know I went to a black dude with
dreadlocks he was awesome he this is
what he looked at me and that's the best
weed doctor to the black this guy's good
the best he had remember those
vaporizers that are there a bag oh yeah
yeah remember when I stayed with Ari
Shaffir in New York and he he had those
and I had never seen that before
just seemed like such an odd contraption
some of the early podcasts we vaporized
with that bag and they're the dumbest
conversations cuz we had no idea what
we're talking about
I would like correct myself halfway into
a sentence because I forgot what I was
saying
and then I would forget what the
original correction was and I'm like
what no no that's not what I'm saying
what am I saying I was so fucked up and
it would take like an hour into the
podcast before like the fog would settle
so was that just the medical marijuana
delivery system well no it's just a
delivery system it's not met you can use
it right now
you know if - I feel like do people use
it that way yes oh really what's that
what's the
no upside of that no smoke you're not
you're just getting mist you're
basically getting the THC crystals it's
turning into mist and that when you
vaporize you're not getting the burnt
plant material it's almost like harsha
connoisseurs yes there's a million ways
s to get what you need our wine dorks
yeah or cigar dorks
it's like real similar sure but anyway I
walk into this guy's office and he's
just the fucking coolest I wish I kept
in touch with this dude who was
somewhere in Hollywood I forget where it
was but the dude looked at me goes you
look sick you know the game he goes you
need some medicine you need some
medicine and he had this big smile on my
face I said thank you sir I feel sick
and I feel like I need some medicine he
goes what are you here for a brother and
I said it helps you sleep he goes good
enough for me anybody gives me
prescription and he pulls out the
biggest bag he had a custom vaporizer
bag for the volcano and I'm telling you
I'm not exaggerating was four feet long
his his four feet long bag he puts it on
this like if it pumps up like a kid's
bouncing house fills up with weeds he
does it there oh yeah we were blasted we
got blasted at his place the doctors
office was connected to a grow-op
right so we we smoke we smoke we
vaporized right and then we go into the
back where they're growing the wheat and
we're barbecued right I'm barely in this
dimension and I go in there and I see
all these plants and I get a feeling
from these things like they're alive
like they're conscious felt so weird to
this day I missed that feeling I go up
man what do we it was that was I so high
I was hallucinating is it or is it
possible that if you get really high on
pot and then you go around the pot
leaves you pick up their frequency and
you understand that they're a living
organism and that's one of the reasons
why they make you feel so good when you
get high like one of the reasons why
you're interact you're interacting with
whatever they are with the molecules the
THC and the cannabinoids you're
interacting with it and then when you go
around the actual potted plants and
they're all super healthy because they
got this crazy hydroponic setup and
they're all the right nutrients and
these blush green plants and it's
perfect
environment for growing because you know
they're experts yeah and I'm like these
things are alive man these things like
their and they know you're there they're
like huh was a successful trip oh yeah
man I was I
I took me hours before I knew what I was
doing afterwards yeah hours later I just
loved how he took the onus of an excuse
off of you
oh yeah you look sick that's the moment
I was sick looks you need some medicine
and crazy dreadlocks and circular
glasses he was amazing
god I wish I kept in touch with that
good doctor he was a great doctor I've
had a a bunch of good weed doctors I had
one of them though I had to stop going
he went crazy 911 on me what does that
mean he when he was trying to tell me
that the towers were brought down by
Tesla technology and I was like what
he's like concrete doesn't vaporize so
no I was like what do you mean vaporize
I said try new baby but like how like
you know you hear my white privilige and
everything I go one of the things about
white privilege people really think
about that much is you're allowed to
have any conspiracy theory you want I
can't be like 9/11 was an inside job
Jeff fuel can't melt steel beams they're
like whatever Achmed sure thing Aladdin
understand right yeah that's different
yeah yeah if you looked at the pie chart
of people that are really into
conspiracies and like looked at race
white would be overwhelming would it be
like the pie chart of conspiracy
theorists yeah I don't know like 3/4 of
the pie chart white people yeah just it
would sound absurd coming from me
like I don't believe that but imagine if
I'm like 9/11 wasn't yeah it was a brown
guy like you're like Cher thing you're
not getting off that easy
yeah yeah it's you you work for Boeing's
I would you do yeah what did you do over
there I was engineer anyways you were
involved 9/11 right what did you train
those pilots you gave me yeah did you do
would you do it Boeing I did stress
analysis I were the floor beam it's a
very unglamorous the thing with like
it's kind of cool though I guess so
me bona fide smart yeah I mean I'm able
to jump through hoops with a goal in
mind like I have a high threshold for
academic pain so I took a lot of math I
took a lot of it wasn't that hard for me
was like I mean it's difficult to get
the degree but alright they do these
steps you get this number
there's this formula you have the tools
right they show you how to do it
monkey see monkey do interesting way to
describe you have a high threshold for
academic pain cuz it is like a little
painful right I think just it seems so
daunting to the average person and they
just don't wanna be bothered with that
to even get over the hump of learning
something like that there's like I could
never right that's for brainiacs right
but the thing is engineering was a means
to an end for me to do stand-up comedy
like my parents we're gonna pay for my
college but only certain degrees so at
first cuz I knew I wanted to do stand-up
when I was like 17 really yeah yeah what
how did you know I think two things
happen so I didn't grow up with stand-up
I didn't really know it was a thing was
on my radar I grew up with The Simpsons
SNL and and like Conan late-night Conan
those were those are my Jam's I feel
like that's my comedy DNA but then I was
seventeen twenty seventeen birthday we
rented delirious so we watched delirious
Eddie Murphy's delirious you know just
fuck it was like the greatest thing in
the world and that just planted the seed
of comedy so that coupled with my love
for SNL and I'm like how do I like I
don't know if Google was around even or
maybe I don't know I just research how
do people get on SNL maybe Google was
around so I saw they came from two camps
they were either stand-ups or they came
from improv so like Second City UCB
Groundlings this was like the pedigree
these are the schools they picked from
and then I researched those schools they
were in Chicago LA New York you had to
pay money to take these classes you may
not pass you have to go back to 101 or
whatever so it's like it's a school
mm-hmm and stand-up is just you it's
just you out there was like a sword you
know yeah so I like I'm like oh I could
do that and there's comedy clubs in
Seattle I can count on me like I don't
have to rely on other people to like zip
that Zoop with each other it
was a great thing you know I'm not like
knocking or anything it's just it's such
a different you dedicate your life talk
one or the other I think it's very hard
to be great at both and there's not a
lot of career paths for improv do is a
certain spot and that's it like there's
some people who are very very talented
in Groundlings in like UCB and then how
do they monetize that if they booked a
commercial they're still beholding to a
lot of other people they have to be the
right guy or girl the right look there's
so many variables that are outside of
your control as a talented improv
performer but as a stand-up you could do
a weekend we can always make money yeah
once you get to a certain level famous
like in terms of going on the road as an
improv guy I guess whose line is it
anyway guys do yeah but you you'll have
to maybe they'll they'll start doing
stand-up cuz they've built some you'll
see that right they'll build some
credibility like a notoriety and they
come from the improv background but if
they want to start making some money on
the road they start doing stand-up but
they're no better off than someone like
a 22 year old doing stand-up now cuz you
got to put the hours in just because
you're good at this other thing you
still have to start over right it's like
the farm yeah yeah exactly you gotta you
can't the beauty of stand-up is you
can't skip steps it's so when you see
comic on stage it's like when you cut a
tree open and you see all the rings you
can just tell like oh this guy's been
doing it 20 years yes you can't fake
that yeah so I chose to do stand-up
because it was just me out there and I
could rely on me and I could do it while
I do engineering school so I chose
engineering because like I knew I wanted
to do this stuff so I thought I needed a
theater degree so I was like can I do
theater my dad like no you can't do the
it or and then it kept getting more and
more watered down I was like can I do
like directing no you can't do direct
they told you what you can and can't do
yeah and I loved it in hindsight I'm so
grateful I don't dude if I had a theater
degree right now I'd be fucked if
anyone's watching and you have a theater
degree or you're thinking about getting
a theater degree don't do it you don't
need it you're not going to be Jude Law
because you have a theater degree you
could do it on the side think of how
many people have come to LA or New York
it's a different thing okay look if
you're at Juilliard and
this instrument or whatever and it's
like a top top top theater school and
it's a feeder to like that world okay or
if you're the son of like a huge actor
or daughter sure but if you're like in I
don't know Ohio and you're going to
theater to school you're just lighting
your parents money on fire that's all
you're doing they're letting you like go
on a twenty-year old jungle gym for four
years what the thing is like you see
sometimes like an actor like or rather
like an athlete or someone will be an
actor in a movie and they'll do a
fucking amazing job here's okay like
Oprah here's an exact color purple the
highest-paid actor is the rock what
theater school Dwayne the rock Johnson
go to the theater of hard knocks thank
you so you might as well do wrestling as
opposed to so it doesn't theater degree
does not equal acting job right but
that's a different kind of acting then
say like Jake Gyllenhaal or sure I mean
yeah do you think you're learning that
at all like here's the other thing too
that I always thought was so interesting
because I did act in class for two
months when I was here in LA you know
just a trying out and stuff it wasn't
for me and what's funny is like they'll
be teaching these techniques and like
Meisner and tapping in a little blah and
then at the end of the class they'll be
like all right does anybody have any
sides they want any auditions they want
to go over and it's all just CSI
interrogation jobs like I don't know the
guy so you're like you're teaching
Shakespeare in class and anything
anyone's ever going out for is like oh
yeah I used to come around here like two
times a week wait how is I am back
pentameter helping you with that's
that's what you're right and you're
chomping at the bit to get this long
order a CSI delivery guy number two why
are you learning Meisner right and I
know there are no bit parts only bit
actors and all that was it true
no that's what after that so that's what
acting teachers would love to tell you
when you complain about getting a bit
part like that they go there are no bit
parts only bit actors and then you go I
want to be bit actor I'm happy to be a
tree
well there's certain comics will tell
you there are no bad crowds those people
are assholes sure I think we've been the
thing is if you're a younger comic and
you're you're like the crowd sucked you
don't have the bandwidth to know what's
good and bad yet not yet so you can say
that I can say that like we've all seen
bad crowd sure yeah and we can chalk it
up for what it is but if you're a year n
or two years in right it was Moe it was
probably you yeah not audible or just
like adjusting on the fly or you're not
very good yeah maybe that too I'm sure
sure that's a there's a weird thing
about comics where there's certain
comics where you know there's no way
they're gonna figure it out I don't know
though because I mean as a whole yes but
there are I hear there's anomalies of
that like if I would hear stories my
Sebastian which is so crazy because I
wasn't there for that timeline of one
but he's killing it he's so funny you
know and he's like the guy now well he
was never terrible okay so you're
talking about like no I remember
Sebastian in the beginning he was never
terrible he was learning I see but he
was he showed up all the time and he was
always a nice guy and he's like he
wasn't terrible he just didn't do great
in the beginning I think people just
take liberties with that story then and
they make it sound like ya know he was
never offensively unfunny right certain
people that are offensively unfunny we
like there's not a chance
you're missing the DNA like you just
can't you're colorblind you're you're
missing it whatever it is you you don't
have it yeah water I mean that's the
beauty I would hear mitzi stories of her
just telling people like you're terrible
you never met her huh
no I got there when Tommy was it was
around and it was kind of so she was
still she was like sick you know and he
would say it's he saw your tape and I
don't know if you I know I know I know
yeah so he would always just like have
this buffer between yeah like mitzi and
myself and over for Kenda
Mitsy was she became like what's the
guy's name from psycho Norman Bates was
like 'mom I was in the fucking shower
but it was really him
you know yeah like his mom's dead and he
would put the wig on yeah that was Tommy
Tommy put the mitts you wear go on he
would always like do her voice that
stuff and like when give me free yeah
man
dude like cuz he would expunge wisdom
and uh cuz I remember I would drive up
from Boeing that was my so I was working
in Long Beach oh yes I got engineering
degree right and then I just applied to
jobs I did mechanical engineering
because my best friend was doing
mechanical and I was like I don't care
what engineering I do I just I'll be
close but to my friend and you were just
doing that so you could have a job for
myself it was such a long con it's like
all right I knew I wanted to do stand-up
in the meantime I got to go to college
right I've got to be able to support so
I can get good in Seattle really funny
man I guess people don't do that life's
a long time if you're lucky you know
yeah and it's okay to have to plan this
far out it sounds far-fetched maybe if I
told it to someone at the time but in
hindsight it was the most beautifully
executed plan so great yeah so I did
stand-up while I was going to college my
life was just school by day stand-up at
night it would actually be stand-up on
the weekends cuz I was living at home
and it's 40 minutes to the club so I
would just do a lot of time on Friday
and Saturday
did your parents know yeah they knew and
it was bad it was like doing heroin like
they were against it just I feel now
my mom has I took her to the premiere I
had a small role in
whiskey-tango-foxtrot this Tina Fey
movies so I took her to the premiere in
New York and so she got to be on the red
carpet and like take pictures of Tina
Fey and so she she was in she was in
after that and she keeps on a species
like when's the next premiere there was
an after party and everyone's milling
about and then my mom's like there's
Tina Tina's at the like introduced me
I'm like yeah okay okay mom cuz I'm like
my mom's a sweetheart but I'm I'm still
caught in his showbiz thing like I'm
what number 15 on the call sheet or I'm
married yeah yeah I don't even know she
remembers me even though the movie you
know
so I'm like I got to pick my spot and
then she just kind of like nudges me
like a linebacker she's like pushes me
in the penis I'm like oh but it was
great to have the out of my mom be like
my mom is such a huge fan and she's like
oh you have course and she was a
sweetheart so now she's in she's in
she's like you made it you're you're
yeah or she could see the light at the
end of the tunnel like right would why
your dad my dad my dad is kind of more
nuts and bolts he doesn't he doesn't
like get fooled by the clips in the glam
or anything like that he just
understands money and things like I've
had a nice car if I don't want them
you'd be fuckin soul did okay but no get
a Tesla yeah I guess so I think what
what has softened him a little bit
because I just got this place in Tarzana
like a house and that's like real adult
shit so I didn't realize that would kind
of soften him a bit because how will you
know thirty five so he's like wow he's a
real adult I guess so
yeah do you have a girlfriend no so when
you get married you think I don't know
if he cares about than Ally I think it
does I think like that cares more about
the security like like a real career
right income and a house and stability
when the comedy was never there and then
also aside from just those things you
know they're from Afghanistan so it's a
low in my dad's opinion it's kind of a
low thing stick comedies like a low
thing for someone to be doing like oh
yeah like low like subhuman like a giant
sold-out theater I don't know maybe who
knows but line of people waiting to see
you I guess I don't know what that thing
will be but he would he would always say
cuz we would you know be in shouting
matches when we were younger
oh yeah yeah I mean look I love my
parents and I know what it was grounded
in I think they just they didn't want me
to be eating out of a dumpster so they
were just they were there I mean most my
dad his frustration and lashing out or
just like and not like physical anything
just saying you know like you're
throwing your life away blah blah blah
it was cuz he wanted that security for
me yeah I understand it for what it is
when I was like 17 or 18 yeah
you know you don't get me right yeah
like I just feel so I know that I'm
older I get it I get where he's coming
from right yeah so never thought the
point was but I think now I have a
little more stability well we say um
like they like you're out there every
night with the pimps and the prostitute
pimp at the Comedy Store
yeah I might have seen one or two
processors over the last 20 years out
there every night pimps in the
prostitutes that was his line you should
talk about this on stage he didn't like
my last special I taught I tell that
story I talk I talk about this story
with my dad and he would always trot
that out they're not half wrong he's
half wrong he's I've seen a couple
processes sure but that's my god longer
than no pimps okay for 30 years I've
seen maybe two or three processes the
whole front row is just like fur coats
oh I'm like campaigns Oh Oh big diamond
rings that he would say people should be
entertaining you that would be the thing
like I should be the one entertained
because you're intelligent I guess so
you're in a serious person yeah yeah I
like I'm just found like if you want to
make broad strokes I think in the Middle
Eastern community it's um like they love
art but their kids shouldn't be doing it
they should they should be consumers of
art but what are interesting but what if
you were like a famous painter classical
painter I guess no one no parent really
thinks best case scenario for their kid
like what people buy is art it's always
like it's a pipe dream what are the odds
bubble blah yes throwing your life away
and I guess there is some trick that
statistically sure oh yes sure but I
think like what I would do different
when I have kids or whatever I would I
would explain the realities of how you
know the whole theatre degree thing I'm
so glad they made me do a degree with
teeth because that allowed me to have a
legitimate job
to get me out here I'm not a trust fund
kid or how else would I be close to
where I needed to be and you'd be here
up there in Seattle oh so they're still
they're still there yeah yeah so so I
would have some practicality I'd be like
I'll pay for college get a get a
legitimate degree where there's an
actual job outlook at the end
mm-hmm like I'm not paying you to find
yourself when did you quit the job like
2010 2010 2009 so right when you came to
this store right around so some things
happen like I was working at Boeing for
three and a half years and I would just
work by day and I would drive drive up
to Hollywood and like the valley by
night I was burning the candle at both
ends
oh you must been tired all the time I
was well especially at first because I
didn't little lay of the comedy land I
was just going I thought everything was
worth my time or you don't know until
you do it so I would do some like shitty
open mic drive off like a backyard shows
that what that wasn't a thing really
that wasn't a thing yet as of late you
know what's so funny is like the
progression of the all-team is that
first it was in weird spots like a
washing order to go laundromat and then
it was like a meltdown and then living
rooms were a big thing living room shows
and then backyards were hot oh yeah I
want to do or it's like the hottest all
show it's called crawlspace well let
mean everyone's just on their belly you
do really funny one on one sketches that
you do like you play more than one role
oh thanks I'm on your Instagram like
super bored during the day and you like
I always wanted to ask you know why I do
all my stuff yeah all right so it's
almost just some of the stuff I do is
just a byproduct of I don't know being
creatively backlogged so I love stand-up
and I love sketch those come to me
naturally sometimes people be like you
have a movie script or like you know
what's what's your sitcom mmm and that's
just more work there's a scaffolding
there that if I was teamed up with
someone who understands that world maybe
you'd be a little more easy but I don't
want to bang my head against a wall to
understand a format where stand-up and
sketch just like come to me right so
that's why I lean into that so stand-up
has been a thing I've been doing for
like 17 years I feel like I've developed
at sketch I started doing I did it
like I think eighth I was I grew up
through it like um
I would do funny videos in school like
video productions back in the day when
you had two VCRs this is before like
avid so you'd like jog shuttle you have
two tapes your mixdown tape and your raw
tape so you would actually like make
sketches on a VHS cassette so I was
always into that because I loved SNL you
know so and then you know you stopped
doing it I'm doing stand-up and then I
moved to LA and I'm not getting on stage
that much because it's so saturated here
it's so scented the biggest market here
in New York although I think it's easier
to get on stage as a stand-up in New
York here you have to deal with actors
and there's a real bottleneck so I
wasn't getting up a lot but I'm a
creative guy I have all these ideas and
I had this idea for this video I'm like
how to attend an Afghan wedding or
whatever so and I was gonna I was trying
to get people to help me out and shoot
it and then you were a runt no one
really gives a fuck like if you can't do
anything for anybody when you first come
out here it's just sort of like and not
on a mean ways just the nature of the
wilderness like why am I gonna you're on
a proven thing there's really no upside
so you get a lot of but yeah I'll help
you and then flake so I rewrote it to
just do it all in my apartment so I just
filmed this video this YouTube video I
wasn't even on YouTube yet though it was
um I did this video called how to attend
an Afghan wedding or something
we're just called an Afghan wedding I
put it on MySpace and it kind of does
well it kind of takes off a little bit
and then my brother was like oh you
should put on YouTube like it wasn't a
bit kotas to put stuff on YouTube yet I
was like oh yeah okay I'll put on
YouTube to put on YouTube it kind of
makes the rounds on there too and that
was just kind of like the nudge I needed
like oh I'm good I could do this and I
could do this while I'm waiting to get
stage time mmm so this was another
avenue for me I do stand-up and then I
do sketches and this was in the heyday
of YouTube when there was an appetite
for YouTube sketch like indie YouTube
sketch just funny guys and there's just
different sketch groups and everything
don't think there's an appetite for that
now not anymore no why not it's become
bite-sized no one wants to watch sketch
on you like stand alone people wanna
watch makeup blogs didn't to watch
pranks but how do you know I know cuz
like do you know cuz I've uploaded you
see the downturn there was a time is it
because now it's Instagram is
everything's more bite-sized so so i'ma
sketchy I love fully-formed
and really taking my time like and me my
buddy Aristotle like he's really
talented filmmaker and director I think
I just left Boeing and I had this idea
for this American History X type
sketches Domino it's called Domino's and
he and I did it and we put it out there
and it was beautiful like it's just one
of my favorite sketches we've done and
so I just kept on doing sketch and there
was an appetite for it and then it
started to drop off like there wasn't a
lot of viewership
now YouTube sketch will only work if it
was on TV the night before like if it's
a key and Peele sketch that made it
inside a me or like a Tonight Show
sketch or key but the only way it'll
make the rounds is if it the sketch was
on TV and then has the potential to do
well in the internet just a
born-and-bred sketch on the internet
doesn't take off anymore Instagram does
so I just have all these ideas and I
always write them down on my phone and
Instagram those like a little one on
ones is a way to get those ideas out in
a very not precious way mmm
and it's just idea driven and people
respond to it you know so it's just more
of like well let me get this idea out of
my head so when you write do you sit
down and force yourself in front of a
notepad or a computer back in the day
like when I was first doing stand-up I
had two methods I would I would have the
jokes that would just come to me
and then I would like sit down and try
to manufacture jokes you know like all
right all right brain what's funny
what's funny about the world right and I
would come up with some stuff but I
always found the things that always work
the best were the stuff that just like
came out of the ether it just came to me
mmm and then eventually I got to the
point where enough I would get enough of
those ideas where I didn't have to sit
down and write so all I had to do is
just be good about capturing what I'm
receiving so I have my phone with me all
the time back Monday I had a marble
notebook and all that but like phones of
advance so much I've ever note I mean we
do yeah so whenever I get an idea
regardless of what the proper medium for
it is I'll get an Instagram video idea
I'll get a fully fully formed sketch
idea where I need like production value
a sitcom idea or a stand-up idea I have
different notes for each of them and
I've just trained myself my brain is
wired a certain way where I just catch
the butterflies
just put the bucket under sponsor don't
sit down no I just
I'll get the idea I'll jot down as many
words as I need to capture it
maybe I'll say something happens we go
to I don't know we go to the lake or
something and then like we go hunting I
get three ideas about hunting this many
words to capture this not this many wars
to capture like separated by commas so I
have it do you record your sets yeah
I'll record them do you listen to the
recordings I do well it depends like if
I'm doing a hot night at the store
that's kind of like the hits and I'm not
gonna learn a lot from the hits right
when I want to work on stuff
I'll tell Adam at the store when I call
in my veils I go up late on Tuesday or
Wednesday whichever one I get mm-hmm
Isis basically asked to go late so that
there's a Harvard yeah there's no
pressure there's like 10 people trying
to sober up I'm on my phone and it's not
like this because they wanted to pact oh
are it's kind of like a what do you got
right like I paid this much money I got
a hot date with me blah blah it's a
different show Joey Diaz started getting
angry about it about what but you can't
practice well you can yeah you just have
to choose different time slots or choose
different shows to do it on there's new
material nights I love those like Neal
Brennan has one at Westside that's one
of my favorite shows to do Jeff Harris
has one so you have this new material
shows but I'll just if you choose to do
a later time slot it might be different
for you because you're such a draw but
I'm nobody you know I got a cusper right
now so I can just do late night but I
just think you just sandwich those new
bits in between obits you can but if you
just want the total mental freedom of
just like throw spaghetti against the
wall right and not and in a professional
way because if if I'm doing a hot show
and I'm trying to a sandwich it can
still put the brakes a little bit oh
yeah and you know I don't need that
I'm not Joe Rogan yeah yeah but that's
that's where it's that's where it's at I
mean I find my way out of it by putting
when it hits the brazier you panic and
then you find a way out and sometimes
that's where you find a punchline
sometimes not sure I deal with the 5 out
of 10
mm-hmm 5 out of 10 are gonna eat shit I
was a 10 it's almost like being a
baseball manager I have my a string my B
string so if I'm doing like a hot show
and I want to
work on a bead so there's different
levels of bits that I can polish I'm not
gonna throw a d-a-d in there it's the
primetime baby yeah right D is for was
1:40 a.m. DS got no pressure DS got a
lot of potential do you Jeremiah show I
love the show yeah yeah dude I love
shows where the audience knows the
expectation is like you're a fly on the
wall in the process yeah and so
pre-recorded or pre-planned material
yeah there's so much goodwill yeah yeah
yeah yeah because you don't get that one
it's just like a shell show I've come up
with four or five legitimate bits that
have wound up on specials because I'm
Josh oh yeah yeah it's almost like a
stand up float tank yeah it's a great
little workshop all right what's what's
this idea what's that and it's also
because everybody knows that you're
doing that so it's kind of more fun and
also if you hit a dead end that's funny
because they know they know the theme of
the show yeah so let squishy would do it
more often
he's only doing it like once a month
yeah once a week man I don't know maybe
they know their what their sweet spot is
I don't think they do
mmm I think the sweet spots once a week
yeah yeah I think it's totally possible
do that show once a week yeah
yeah I love those shows when was it the
first time your parents saw you on stage
um oh you know what this is so funny
this is kind of so this is like a last
bit on my special I talk about it like
this see me once once ever yeah really
yeah did you bomb oh yeah in the word in
the biggest way oh oh oh my god oh yeah
I mean do you want to hear the story
fuck yeah I do okay so this is just a
rehash of like the last thing so the
last thing I said um I closed my special
with this so I'm like 17 I'm like 17 or
18 I'm at college there's a bulletin
board and it says like Apollo amateur
night on tour right so there's a flyer
like the Apollo is going on tour and you
can audition and I have the Apollo
Theater yeah Obama Theater yeah yeah so
they're going all these major cities
right so like interesting especially I'm
just getting maybe a year in or if you
want into stand-up this could be a great
opportunity isn't it funny we loved a
level delusion you have as a young comic
yeah yeah we like I'm ready yeah
they gotta hear what I got to say I've
been doing this for a few months so I
take the you know take the little tab I
have it I get all the info I go there
it's in Seattle so I go there to
audition I forget where they're holding
the audition this this is like theatre
or whatever so I'm sitting there's three
hundred forty two people just like wait
it's like American Idol pretty much and
there's like a bunch of like older black
ladies singing I believe I can fly under
their breath like just cuz they're
mostly singers so leave this here like
we didn't do my jokes later
oh my go ray Ming so finally it's my
time to go so I go out there I do my
stand-up set and it does well like it
does genuinely well it wasn't like a
let's feed him to the Sharks like I did
well like I made them laugh you know so
I find out I get selected I think I'm
one of eleven one of a woman who gets
elected so I'm like sweet and then I
invite everyone I'm like mom dad
everyone from school and shit oh yeah
everyone it's at it's at the Paramount
Theatre in Seattle have you been there
yeah what is that four thousand it's big
play four thousand five thousand people
something like maybe three thousand
whatever it's in a thousand don't big
place yeah it's one of our nicest
theaters yeah so it's going right
everyone and then knocked
oh it's packed oh oh my god so I do the
dress rehearsal I do the dress rehearsal
blog of emotions lady comes up to me
she's like all the producers great the
producer of the show thinks like you
should do this bit before sort of your
hip-hop stuff like do this bit first and
there's like this big wide is talk about
being Afghan or something you know
oh my god okay whatever it like I'm so
new I just trust the producer I'm like I
guess they know so I rearranged my set
just based on the producers request
comes down to the show everyone staple
blah it's my time to like they
introduced me well you know please
welcome a man where I come out oh my
name is Raheem the
it's like an Afghan or like Middle
Eastern Afghan to be exactly is like
boom boom am I out there for maybe 20
seconds it's such an interesting
sensation to be booed by them many
people so just like it starts cascading
like and I've seen Apollo I know how it
works and you hear they like though all
right I don't need to get swept off like
I know how this works so I get booted
off you get booted off just from talking
about being a half can maybe I don't
know maybe it just really sucked maybe
it's cuz it was like close to 9/11 and I
talked about being Afghan whatever I get
I get booed you know I mean I'm sure it
sucked balls to whatever I was about to
say was gonna like be so bad
so I was gonna get booed regardless but
I lasted maybe 15 seconds 15 20 seconds
so I'm just like shell-shocked and then
I'm just chillin in the hallway there's
there was a desk there was a you know
like an old school student desk where
it's like l-shape and they have the
basket it's just in the stairwell for
some reason so I just sit I just sit in
that chair I felt like I was in a video
game or something because that's not a
human experience really that many people
get to go through some just trying to
make sense of what happened in the world
and my wife moving forward it's a lot
going on oh it's a lot going on you know
and then you know I get up again I
myself I go up the stairwell I get my
things from you know I have to see
everyone else and the great oh the worst
see everyone in the green room area get
my shit I get my car and I think I Drive
home my parents they take a separate car
right and then I hear the rest of the
story for my brother so they're all in
the Dodge Caravan my cousin Neil oh my
brother my dad my mom is just silent on
the car ride home like no one's talking
cuz I mean you know they saw what they
saw so no one's saying anything and then
obviously my dad my dad's like wouldn't
be thrilled about me doing standard to
begin with right so he he breaks the
silence he goes well there's no business
like show business
insight like I think that's why when I
want them to come out I want it to be
like such a polar opposite experience
and obviously I've come a long way from
then but I'm almost grateful that it did
happen because you know when comics
trade bomb stories I fucking win every
time and to me for me to be so young
like seventeen and come back from that
that means like there's really something
like a fire in me like I was meant to do
this or I really love stand-up because
that's not a pleasurable experience to
potentially think that could happen
again you know
now they've seen you on television did
they show me yeah they think you're
special was good yeah I think so I never
know like my mom will tell me but I
never know what my dad catches and what
was the last time you worked in Seattle
did you do the parlor go under like a
few months ago I think fucking-a yeah so
the pool hall part is gone too I think
so fuck yeah you like to play there yeah
it was a great gig and play pool and do
me that's your jam oh my god it's like
you design yeah that's how design a club
yeah yeah so it's weird I mean I could
have them come out to another where they
have there now what's the club I don't
know I think mostly see ah no they have
um giggles or whatever in the university
district or maybe it's called laughs
it's called laughs it's where giggles
used to be so they'd only have like one
comedy club and all the comma they have
to coma you know that's crazy man but
these aren't Seattle fuck man Seattle
used to be a scene yeah
God fuckin parlor Live was a great club
how did it go under yeah Bryan Callen
[Laughter]
sure the man who broke the parlour
fucking ruined it bro yeah yeah so when
your parents come to see you will they
come to see you in LA or they come oh no
I haven't you haven't decided I put on
the back burner for I mean I guess if I
do the Tonight Show I mean I've been to
already 20 years later you know you've
got to come see you live uh yeah yeah
what should i do I don't know invite him
to a show yeah I don't know what you
know pretend they're at the first show
and then bring them to the second show
yeah just to mentally prepare yeah
yeah you obviously have a little bit of
a block you're thinking about it yeah
not a block but it's a it's a thing oh
for sure yeah they saw you eat shit yeah
and especially when they were so anti
that yes and but you were right and they
were wrong this is how it works I mean
my parents never yelled at me that I
can't do comedy or else waste of my life
or the I be there with pimps and
prostitutes I mean I love my parent we
have a great relationship this was just
kind of like one
one thing that was incongruent in the
relationship almost no parents think
their child is going to make it as a
computer it is the most it's the most
impossible to imagine success business
that you could ever think your kids
gonna go into no there's no like we were
talking about stand-up that none of this
is written down right talking about the
principles to stand up there's no course
you can take it doesn't exist
yeah any class is usually taken by
someone who's not very successful at
stand-up for the most part yeah I don't
know of any successful it could give
Chris rocks not out there teaching now
in class it can give you the confidence
to like jump off the cliff
yes but outside of that you're not going
to learn but but here's the thing all
these principles that were taught me
think about look comedy is obviously a
viable art form in a large-scale venue I
mean I just got done doing two arenas
this weekend right so we're talking
about something that is right up there
with music or even with sports
I mean it's large-scale enormous people
yet there's no real like pathway that's
written down there's no real principles
of it that are universally assumed by
all people who participate in the art
form yeah whereas almost like if you
learn music you learn chords and chord
progression you learn you learn how to
use your diaphragm you learn how to sing
and learn how to play instruments and
you learn how to make a chorus and
there's none of that for us I think it
was just such a foreign I can understand
where they're coming from because it's
such an important concept if you get an
engineering degree or a doctor you do a
B you get C there's a blueprint for it
you know stand-up is just so nebulous or
just like the arts in general is just
sort of like you can't tell someone what
like your path to success is gonna be
different than Ian's path to mind or
and you kind of learned that as a comic
as well early on because I think there's
a little bit of impostor syndrome like
like somebody else get something you
feel like it's an attack on you but you
do it long enough you realize like oh
everyone's journey is so different well
not in a hippie dippie way yeah but like
your relationships are different than
mine they're different so everyone hits
at different times yeah and it's not
right or wrong it's just life and nature
you know yeah you're you're different
than everybody else you just gotta
concentrate on doing your best and
figure out yeah what you can learn from
other people's success and failures but
don't think of it as your own success or
failure yeah
and eyes on your own paper yeah I
wouldn't want my kids to do comedy my
kids look we do whole arias Lee
hypocritical if one of my kids was like
I want to be a comedian like listen
you're not gonna be a fucking comedian
stop yeah I think where I differ with my
parents is if they want to do something
in the arts
I'd be like have at it like I support
you I want it to work out yeah but kind
of have a foundation work on that I
don't want to send you to do
communications for four years yeah
there's no school for it yeah
stand-up school here's the school have a
shitty childhood well adjusted I had
like that maybe that's why I hurt so
much maybe like I gave them everything
you still did it
yeah that's funny you might be one of
the rare guys I think new breed where
there's people obviously you know there
is more what just well-adjusted yeah I
don't know those peoples ago even
level-headed guys what about no well I
don't know if it got what fuck out of
here everyone everyone is fucked up to
some degree yes yeah so that's why
they're comics
sure yeah but every no matter who
anybody you pluck off of Earth Dada yeah
yes so this is a universal truth but
usually some kind of fucked up childhood
is a prerequisite it helps it's like the
whole fuel its fuel it's like there's
fires that come from good childhoods -
yeah you know I would have this it's a
dumb thought but I would have it as a
kid trying to do stand-up and not have
to face this wall of I don't know you
know my parents not wanting me to do it
oh my god man I kind of wish I had like
a like a words childhood or like not
middle class because then it wouldn't we
to be questioned it would just be like
yeah of course what is he gonna do well
I was really healthy when I was young
because I was a martial artist I was
competing all the time I always worked
out and I always thought me if I was a
drug addict I probably funnier I really
used to think that way because like guys
who did drugs like Kinnison and Pryor
that drug problems yeah so fun like I
mean you've been doing it for a long
time so maybe you have a better
perspective on this I think like back in
the day with the doing drugs and all
that part of that did that help
like it was it image like how in terms
of just seeing the comedy for what it is
was it part it being new rock star stuff
drugs so you didn't have to be as tight
as say like nowadays because there's so
many more comedians no Tigers wildness
to it there's wildness to it like I
think the funniest guy of all time is
Joey Diaz one of the reasons why he's
the funniest guy of all time is the
wildness but he's truly why yeah like in
you know it's great watching him like in
the Oh are especially in 2019 you can
tell he doesn't know so you came at him
a time if she heard he's like Encino man
I know our people they're horrified and
so happy at the same yes I think even
the locust people when they're watching
Joey and there's just this energy and
people are laughing so hard you like
your altruism can't break through that
you can't deny what's happening right
now right so it kind of makes you I
guess reassess what you're supposed like
I shouldn't be laughing at this it's
it's a weird time for comedy but in that
weird time you're gonna get some of the
best stuff because it's like
supercharged yeah I was like as it was
it when it does get through if you can
cover all the bases and make your
argument soundly and logically and also
have it be funny
I'll see birdie that all the time and
like Joey's just such a force of nature
yeah it's you don't have time to like
think about is this woke or is just
knee-jerk yours rolling burr will kind
of just like throw out this crazy
premise that no one no sane person would
be on
like especially guys on dates well you
just hear some of these arguments or
whatever yeah she'll just throw it out
there and he won't steamroll over he'll
just let it simmer and that's my
favorite because like he's methodically
surgically taking his time to proving
the point of this argument well a lot of
these arguments I would suspect that
he's having at home of his wife his wife
woman yeah and she's feminist I mean
what a cool woman too you know what I
mean it's like yeah so he has to
formulate really well-thought-out
arguments I would imagine I mean maybe
he would but you know he's obviously
thinking these through yeah like this is
not it's not he's not flippant about
these points of view these perspectives
yeah yeah so just throw like a piece of
Bologna on the kitchen nails when it
when he nails it man it's like so much
more satisfying even in the past because
it's like you're you're you're making
your way through the rockiest stretch of
the river and I think those are the most
rewarding bits as comedians the longer
you've been doing it like I could be
silly and get a joke and sure that's fun
but it's it's not that rewarding as if
you have an argument like burn or
something was just countered
counterculture and you can methodically
it's like going through the laser field
right that's way more rewarding than
just walking down the hallway right like
Mission Impossible and all those lasers
are protecting the diamond yeah what
kind of movie is ever just one thousand
apples right exactly yeah it's a it's an
interesting time to get these ideas out
there but you see by the reaction of the
comic store the people are looking
forward to it because I think they feel
the same way like goddammit everything's
going so far and so many people are so
goddamn sensitive about so many
different things it's not about intent
they're just looking at magic words and
and buzz words and words are off limits
there's no such thing as context anymore
or intention no and you get that at The
Comedy Store and I think it's the last
place people are talking this freely yes
because I used to think all right we've
been in a little bit of a resurgence
would stand up and like all the specials
and all that I'm like
are gonna burst I'm like all cool I'm
gonna get to miss to comedy bubbles
sweet but then think so yeah but then
it's proven wrong like it's getting
bigger and bigger yeah it's good yes why
it was a bubble when it sucked let me
tell you about the bubble over the 1980s
there was a bunch of people that had a
kind of way of talking about things so I
got a cat in my room and the mouse was
like Wild Kingdom in my house nah it was
a way of talking there was a comedy way
of talking that these guys did there was
some guys that just were not insightful
and they just did comedy in a way that
they had heard people do comedy so they
kind of just like mimic the sounds it's
like you ever heard a band that sounds
exactly like maybe Stone Temple Pilots
and like that but they're not really
like they're close like so weird they so
much like so I don't know if you
remember guerrilla black no he sounded
exactly like notorious b.i.g no well
yeah fuck is that guerrilla black yeah
really like when I heard it I'm like are
we doing this so oh yeah it was insane
yeah I watched a comic one night at in
1993 or something like that on stage in
Montreal at Just for Laughs and he was
basically doing a Richard Pryor
impression and I was like what in the
fuck am I seeing it's like this guy was
doing prior I mean everything about his
set he was doing prior like this is so
strange to see that people do that well
that that was a part of the bubble in
the bubble there was these guys who
would wear the clothes they thought a
comedian would wear and say the things
and there was so much work and there was
so many there were so many clubs and
there were so many evening at The Improv
's and all these different little show
anyone to get a piece yeah mimic the
part - there was a lot of people back
then that were arrogant that were
working and they were headliners and
they were arrogant they were fucking
terrible and I really enjoyed watching
them fall off to face the earth you know
I'll tell you some have towards but the
other names I was gonna tell you yeah
but these these
people were doing comedy in a they
weren't participating in an art form
they were mimicking they were mimicking
the people that were participating in
the art form like love him or hate him
Jerry Seinfeld's an artist oh yeah I do
too but he's an artist
his style whether you think I've heard
criticisms that he's not deep enough he
doesn't talk about sex or anything
dangerous whatever he likes what he
likes he likes to talk about certain
likes a certain style of comedy and he's
an as a master at that style but he
spawned so many babies what Patrice
O'Neal would call babies like Patrice
O'Neal like would say like hey man you
got a lot of babies out there there's a
lot of people that are imitating you you
got babies then there was a lot of like
Dave Attell perfect oh yeah got a
shitload of babies there's a lot had a
lot of babies yes Dane had a Mitch
Hedberg Irish channel yeah see a lot ton
of babies yeah there's a few people that
mimic but during the 80s it was there
was a few innovative people and a lot of
babies it was like there was ten babies
to everyone innovator and you had these
like fake headliners and they would show
up in town but they had those premises
that everybody had they had those beats
that everybody had they talked in the
same way they didn't take any chances
they were shooting straight down the
middle and that was the bubble and that
all went away that all went away and
when that went away those guys died off
and there was people that were left over
the people that were left over were the
actual comics the actual people that
were good enough where people would
repeatedly go to see them at clubs they
wrote a lot they they practice they were
they were interested in the actual art
form itself and I was really fortunate
that I started out in Boston where
Boston had a very high standard due to
Barry Crimmins really inspect document
it was great he's a brilliant he was
really a rest in peace Barry loved that
guy but he that guy he was one of those
guys when when he was nice to me as I
got older and you know I was terrified
of him terrify to him like him seeing me
when I saw her
it's terrible I came in so much in well
I knew what a high standard he had for
comedy and he was one of the main
reasons why there was no hacks that were
tolerated in Boston and that that you
want everybody had to be original
everybody had to do good material and
everybody sort of policed each other you
know and when when you have a community
like that you you get to see the artform
flourish in a very good way and we we
had a lot of like different people they
were different but they were all like
really high level so we would get these
guys that would come in from out of town
Road guys there were babies there were
Seinfeld babies or difficult and you
would see how poor they looked when they
were surrounded by these original
murderers so you'd have like guys like
Steve Sweeney and Lenny Clark would go
on stage and then one of these babies
would go up after him and just eat
blades of shit why are they going after
they had a terrible system in Boston
that was really mean and it was designed
to make new designed to make national
headlines pom oh really yes yes they
would pay them a lot of money to book
them at a club and they would book them
on a show with three local headliner
sellers and these local headliners would
just fucking straight-up murder and they
would do all this local Boston stuff
that made everybody excited and then
they would have one of these guys who
was used to going to Cleveland hey I was
just in Indianapolis had a great time
did a little comedy yeah that's what I
do I'm a comedian and they would go up
there and just eat plates of shit and
get booed off the stage and people would
leave and they were they would do it on
purpose
teach him a lesson or some no no they
were just mean like those guys never
first of all those come those comics
never left Boston okay and they would
murder almost every night and they were
all animals there doing coke and they
weren't drinking they were fucking
savages they'd pay them in coke really
no bullshit yeah Nick's calm me stop
used to pay people in Coke yes didn't
pay me in Coke I never did correct but I
knew of the whole deal everybody knew
the deal and so when these guys would
come in from out of town they would be
angry at these guys and they're like
who's this fucking guy he's got evening
at The Improv I don't have that show
he's on the fucking movie
with Billy Crystal fuck him and they
would go on for those guys and light him
on fire light them on fire who's
dictating this line at the club club
there are coats so it's just fun for
them and they would they would do it on
purpose
ain't gonna cool you but some guys would
survive like I saw die my rera in that
environment but Dom murdered yeah that
was the thing
Dom murdered so he would go there and he
would talk about how strong the lineup
was you know is amazing this is great
but he would go up a murder because he
was a real comic so Dom was there pre
bubble during the bubble post bubble
he's a comic I mean those are the best
guys yes funny guys who take funny guys
on the road with them yes because not
everyone does that well yeah you know
wrinkle panic yeah they want like the
best comics are like almost want funny -
yes I want a great show you know the
reason why I take Ian or Santino or I
always took Joey Diaz before he got too
big you know Joey Diaz selling out the
Chicago theater fucking murder in it but
all those guys Ari and Duncan I there I
want to have fun I want to be with
comics I want I want this show to be
great I don't want to be the only one
that's funny that's gross
right and I think it's a way to discover
new comics as well cuz I was I was
opening for Neil for a bit for his tour
for most of the dates and it was so fun
for me because I got a headline and
stuff but I'm not a draw yet so I need
to have walk up for whatever the club
I'm doing what they need have a comedy
on States great you know Madison
Wisconsin it's just they have to walk up
they just have a trust with the
community they all just come to shows oh
yeah it's great
or like Comedy Works in Denver I'm just
done comedy on state I heard it's right
yeah it's really good there's a theater
right next door you probably be doing
that like it's so it's fun to do that
when they have a walk-up audience like
the comedy works like you said Randall
Club I'm not a draw yet yeah like in
purgatory but the Neal thing was cool
because they're all coming for Neal
they're theaters I'm just doing 20
minutes which is like I'm shit that no
it's nothing you know right cuz I'm like
headlining so there's no pressure
they're there for Neal I have a great
set and you like you know you were funny
so you get like fans from his fans too
the best and it's a great show as a
whole yeah it's like we complement each
other so yeah you get two injured and he
gets two injury yeah - a funny comment
yeah and I'm so grateful that he gets to
do that like pull a guy up and and sort
of take a little credit for like I don't
know yeah no it's great that that's
where it's at you know but I don't think
this bubbles popping it's too fun yeah
it's too good I mean there's too many
good people as long as the art form is
good the bubble
only exists and pops when it's a fake
thing like it's a Ponzi scheme that's
not really the case right now yeah
there's so many good comedians right and
everybody's working hard yeah you know
everybody realizes that there's a lot of
pressure on you so they're all like
that's what you were saying like how
many sets I do that's why I do
somebody's head yeah does the only way
to do it I do two sets tonight three
sets a night all the time and there's so
many outlets now to just kind of what's
helping it not pompous yes you have
Netflix you have these new streaming
like HBO Manus on Amazon and Apple I'm
here in a couple days and he's got
special yeah and so does Alonzo Bodden
his Amazon specials coming out soon and
then there's a bunch of other people
that have Amazon specials of seeing
people advertise them on their Instagram
so Amazon is putting together a bunch of
specials now which to me is very very
exciting because they have the marvelous
mrs. Maison yeah one of my favorite
shows so I'm just psyched that there's a
lot of new venues and then there's new
streaming things like who knows maybe
Hulu will get into stand-up you know
maybe some of these other streaming
services will get into stand-up it's
great for everybody man it really is
this is plenty or there's guys like
Andrew Schultz he just exciting trades
like as a performer and another comedian
and I think everyone has varying degrees
of I think angst that he had coming up
and I kind of felt that way as well
like people have varying degrees of how
much the industry fucks with you
sometimes I feel in sometimes I don't I
don't feel in I do for certain things
and and that was just really refreshing
just to take the power back yeah and
even seeing it happen with I have so
many peers in the game like I've known
Theo forever
yeah we've been puttering around town
and doing shows and just you know
obscurity and then doing the podcast and
and just seeing him take his own fan
base and power back and everyone wanted
to fuck with him now mm-hmm and and like
they weren't they weren't launching that
guy you kind of learned to that it's
just monkeys picking stocks well a
little bit Baroness
yeah Theo turned a corner in like two
years ago uh-huh
well I remember watching him before and
my disguise kind of funny he's unique
but then two years ago me and Adam were
in the bathroom like this for
motherfuckers turned a corner like he
was just killing it yeah he was just
really funny but like a funny in a new
way like he had hit something yeah some
of the words he uses to disservice but
he hit that gear and then everything
took off from there it was a lot of it
was just hard work yeah persistence hard
work and just eventually really clicked
I think it was a one-two punch I think I
was turning that corner mm-hm and then
also just the word to the people
democratically just his podcast and and
him doing other people's podcast you're
sure cuz he's really good on podcast
he's just fucking funny Billy yeah and
funny and then his own podcast where he
just looks right at the camera and he
talks about shit yeah and you realize
like how is fucking unusual brain work
there's funny sometimes you just want to
like figure out what this algorithm is
or what he's doing and you know this is
him I can't ya know you know how would
you think to call it that never yeah
he's got Theo Comedy for sure but it's
like what we're talking about earlier
where no one can really teach you how to
do comedy like you're you got to figure
it out and no one know classically
trained comedian if there ever really
was one we're never d terrible to you
classically trained comedian would be so
those babies yeah it would be like those
guys that feel like fake Seinfeld's or
fake gaffe against or whatever the fuck
they are they would yeah the Schultz
thing was really cool to see because he
just did it on his own yep and it's
here's the thing and I wanted to bring
this up with you Jimmy is he shadow
banned on Instagram tell me what you
think is going on because I texted him
when that happened cuz I looked it up
yes and his name's show up at the top of
my list but but he said other people me
yeah you wouldn't show her mind
really yes I hated change the algorithm
I've noticed a few helmet it could be
what it could be but there you'll have
to take it like a case by case scenario
was the person that first sentence him
are they already following him do they
search his name a lot
did they block anything has ever done
people have told him hey man I'm having
a hard time finding your Instagram page
and so he asked me about it and I said
what do you mean and I go I'm you I see
you right now you're on my feed and he
goes no no if you go to search me
so he let me search you I know why whoa
i search Andrew Schultz nothing I mean a
bunch of other people but not him and
he's got a lot of followers like good
let's do it right now
pull it up put it up on screen okay put
it up on the screen let's just do it in
real time let this part of what I was
saying is I follow him so if you're not
already found myself in a different way
but I do follow him hi oh now just right
Andrew and give him some space right
space my god in space already right but
just space and then it type in his name
and it's not coming up right oh that's
so sad now hit Search I don't think good
you can't search on No Oh on the web but
look it's not showing up
you see Andrew Scholes fans even when I
protect in his account name it didn't
show up oh hold on and say it was that
Andrew Schultz fans what does that click
on that right there below it blow it
blow it blow it keep going keep going a
blind count there it is that's right
click on it I know but it's not so it's
his fans I just have made 165 followers
and that's crazy right no I know it's
not him I'm just trying to figure out
what it is
so just in that search it's not showing
up and it wouldn't show up for me on my
phone either now it doesn't make any
sense because what does he have like a
half a million followers how many
followers yeah interesting yeah like he
thinks he's being shadow banned
what's the are they trying to get some
money out of no two hundred eighty two
thousand two hundred and eighty two
thousand people and he can't find his
page Instagram is it Schultz with the T
or no just no huh no ulz but it's not
showing up it is not showing up on my
knee and now we might be being paranoid
here
and it might be just something in the
search algorithm that for whatever
reason his thing isn't showing up and he
used to say Andrew hesays Schultz I
don't know why has he was that nickname
of his okay
and maybe he thought that Hesse was
fucking him up so he took Hesse out of
his name in the it on his Instagram page
so it just says Andrew Schultz now but
even though still you can't find it yeah
that's weird
you have to type in Andrew Scholes
altogether with no space and then you'll
find them it that's what I just didn't
didn't come up with no space yeah that's
why we're just doing in front while you
were - asking me to type stuff and I was
like oh so you did it with space and no
space that's when I did it to him I was
like if you're typing in no space that's
where the issue is if I'd leave that
know if I'd type in all the way is
showing up right away and he said well
I'm seeing that from people both ways so
I go off if that's what you're seeing
then I'll go out on a limb and sort of
say does your sure one is manipulating
that search result because you can't
manipulate search trees well here's the
thing they do
Shadowman people on certain social media
platforms this has been revealed through
hidden camera conversations with people
who are whatever moderators or engineers
or people that work behind the scenes on
Twitter or Facebook and they they do
manipulate algorithms manipulate
searches and and Shadowman people and
there's a lot of people particularly
conservative people which he's not
conservative but what he is is you know
he's a raunchy comedian and he might
have done something that someone felt
was not woke or what have you and they
want to slow down the broadcasting of a
signal that's entirely possible
I don't know if it's true though I would
love to have a logical explanation that
it's the line he's not showing up yes
but he's you know he's complaining about
it that it's a shadow band anyway
go follow Andrew Andrew Schultz yeah s
sh u LZ si jouelzy go follow yes I miss
Montreal just tell Instagram shadow
bands we can get around you bitch he's a
marketing genius this is great to hear
him talk about you know
what he's doing and I got to get around
it and it's exciting because you you
forget as an artist that you have a lot
of power a year everything here you're
the product and hmm sometimes especially
in the old model you just kind of waited
to be anointed well he's got millions
and millions of views on his special on
YouTube and if you stop and think about
if that was on Comedy Central which
Comedy Central didn't want to give him
special um he probably would get like
maybe a million people would watch it
when it came out and that would be the
end of it I have a special and I don't
think people are watching it just
YouTube is accessible it can be in
comedy jail you could do a great special
and no one can find it right yeah yeah
and everyone has YouTube everyone can
click on the link everyone has you do
and this was his logic he was like you
know what I'm just gonna release the
whole thing on YouTube and look he went
straight from not selling out clubs to
selling out theaters like that now he
sells out everywhere internationally and
it's amazing from afar to watch the
industry change mm-hmm just realizes cuz
I think early on you so much of your
self-worth is is put in these people and
you you you don't realize till later
that all they're just heat-seeking
missiles yep yeah they don't you know
majority of them don't have taste taste
it's just whatever seven oh yeah evers
hot can I get a pie if whatever this is
yeah I mean including hacks I mean
there's a long history of them
supporting hacks and thieves it's just a
thing where they're what they're trying
to do is make money you know if you're
an agent or a producer I mean there's no
benefit in you supporting an artist that
is not going to be commercially all
right yeah yeah you have to find out
like who who's it kind of who's gonna
pop who's gonna be the next movie star
who's gonna be in the movies you know
you have to figure that person out what
was it like when you let me see a thing
went down
what was the climate like for you say
professionally after that went down
because he was at a different level at
that time right yeah yeah who's more
popular than me with comedy for sure hmm
you know I was doing Fear Factor back
then and I wasn't really working on the
road that much
I really couldn't you know I was doing
you know 30 episodes a year plus so 30
weeks a year of work and I wasn't really
enthusiastic about trap
I was doing that yeah I just wanted to I
was exhausted um and then I was doing
the store too so it's mostly just
working on my act and just doing
stand-up and they supported him because
he was the one who was making the money
I mean in fact I left my agency because
they wanted me to apologize to him and
then Louie wound up leaving them and a
towel wound up leaving them and Swartz
and wound up leaving them everybody left
them right after that because they found
out that they wanted me to apologize to
him everybody in that industry knew what
was going on right but they wanted to
turn a blind eye and make money so it
did it hurt my career while I stopped
going to the store but that didn't hurt
me as much as it hurt them it hurt the
store because I told everybody and then
that place was a ghost town I mean it
went from being packed when I was there
because I would let them put my name up
on the marquee and I was working for
free that's how fucking stupid tommy was
but then when you know he got fired and
I came back it made it all worth it you
know the whole thing was it was
interesting because it could show you
that if there was someone who was doing
what Mencia was doing that you can get
away with it and even with someone who
was successful like me like I got
another agent like that I mean but I let
my agent literally said I was gonna have
to apologize to him I'm like you're out
of your fucking mind
I listen I'm not only am I not doing
this is we're never gonna work this out
I'll never work with you again
because you're asking me to apologize to
someone who was literally a vampire
someone who's stealing from the work of
other artists it's all he does and you
guys know it and you guys are profiting
off of this like this is you're making a
giant mistake and I turned out it was
correct but it was interesting because
even though it didn't hurt me
financially I got to see that they were
trying to because you know he wanted
them he wanted an apology yeah and I was
like you're out of your fucking mind I'm
not apologizing you know and as it kept
getting people became more and more
aware other people started finding other
bits that he had like the real thing
that sunk him was Cosby really funny now
and think about it now but he had this
like such obvious theft of a Cosby bit I
mean he stole all the inflections and
the
he switched it around a little bit but
people who work with him are trying to
tell him to stop doing that bid because
it was a giant famous Cosby bit and he
just insisted that he's gonna do it and
when that bit got on YouTube that and
Mexican folks finding out he wasn't
really Mexican that was a fuckin knife
in the heart when they were like what
like what when they found out what his
real name was like you gotta be fuckin
kidding me there was so much going on
then though that was you know he was
really popular you know he went from
selling out these giant places and you
know kicking ass all over the country
and people knew him from the television
show and they thought he was hilarious I
guess that's kind of cool about stand-up
is that of all the art forms
stand-up has the most justice and then
now it does now there's a lot of people
made it through the net back in the day
yeah there were just criminals I guess
it was harder to know back and there was
no internet there was just sort of like
word of mouth or you would hear stories
we all know that there's parallel
thinking and then there's even cases
where you forget you heard something
I've done it I've definitely hash it out
like a comic or something we're sure
okay yeah you can have it or you're all
pals right and it's bound to happen it's
gonna just have the conversation if
you're a probably like alright I don't
need that bit yeah exactly and then
there's also people that are like you
know like you said that word and that's
the word that I say in my bit you're
like what like some people some people
high-percentage it's almost like
delusional yes yeah
some people get delusional that's like I
talk about being a relationship so oh
yeah yeah appreciate it
that's hilarious I broke up with my
girlfriend recently too so yeah I own
that well especially things that are
current events right I feel like
something like I can't believe you're
talking about Trump you know I'd do that
whole Trump bit yeah what are you crazy
I've seen these conversations right over
I'm telling you yeah this is just
brewing this is just starting he's never
living that down that's one you know
I'll wreck your shit I'll wreck it throw
you down a flight of stairs yeah was
there stairs nearby or would they have
to go up they have to go find some stair
huh
just yeah you're not gonna like trip
down that's a weird thing to say to
someone throw you down a flight of
stairs
you want to hurt them but you want the
of gravity to do all the work yeah
that's true
so it's not that tough it's lazy he has
all that potential energy once it gets
up there just knock him over right
that's funny you looking at like an
engineer my dad so proud that I pulled
that out of the bag do you use your
engineer training at all in your standup
is there anything else I think one
quality I can take away from all the
engineering schooling like I'm not doing
formulas and equations and all that but
I think it's just a manner of which I
approach things and time management I'm
wired a certain way where I can be
studious on my own I don't I'm not like
smoking weed on the couch and like I'm
amused or I'm a vessel God's me like I'm
okay what do I got what's what I want to
do one of my goals for this year let's
say how many sets do I have when I'm
working on for this set so I'm just a
little industrious it's taught me and
also when it comes to bits like I see
them in a certain way like um the way I
get the bits it's very organic and
that's what I like about it is that it's
not clinical or anything it's just
magical how I think of something mmm and
I'm grateful for that do you give
yourself time to think
do you like specifically do things like
go on walks or anything were you not
specifically but what I found is one of
my favorite things to do is go to a
diner sit in a booth breakfast have
coffee and they keep on refilling it and
I'm on my phone and I'm on Twitter and
Instagram and my mind's just kind of and
I'm listening to music I love music so
I'm just scouring Spotify and hype
machine just for new music hype machine
I don't know what it is uh so what I
love so that's how I find music like
hype machine and also Spotify hype
machine is this blog aggregate so
there's music blogs right mm-hmm
there's one called like acids tag that I
like a lot so you can follow a blog and
they'll post songs every day maybe
they'll post six songs a day this
website you can follow different blogs
and it's like following someone on
Instagram or something so you look at
your ear feed and you get to hear all
the songs your favorite blogs have
posted within the website
mmm and there's an app on your phone too
and these are kind of underground songs
these aren't top 40 so it's a way to
hear great music that you wouldn't hear
on the radio and they're they're not any
less
great there's this whole subculture and
genre of music that is magnificent but
it's not on top 40 so people don't
really know about it hmm
so height machine is a great way to get
some cool tracks off the beaten path oh
I've never heard of that before that's
too high machine so music plays a big
part when the comedy yeah machine
yeah what's popular now over sighs this
is like their top 40 so even this is a
little poppy for me I'll have certain
blonde like finding yes yeah
yeah yeah I mean for this type of music
yeah
whatever makes whatever makes the
popular ante hold on yeah you're not
gonna know scroll back up please Durant
a Maya that's papi not fuck knows any of
this music if there's childish gambino I
know that guys
if you're like a teen or early twenties
old you'll know this stuff really yeah
so I just love listening to music
drinking coffee and on my phone and I'll
just get these ideas mm-hmm but also
just living life I'll be walking around
and I'll get an idea jot it down well
you don't have a day job which helps no
that's that really helps collect
material believe it or not yeah I think
my comics have to be amused and you have
to be experiencing just life life if
you're working all it's not like it was
harder when I was working at Boeing cuz
I had that mental fatigue of just
working on write you know parts and all
the head yeah computational stuff so I'm
nothing about bits well suck it out of
you too
I can see they're not because you think
that oh it's just like you know I didn't
really work on my act that much during
the day anyway now I have a job doing
doing acting I'll probably get just as
much material uh-huh no no you won't
you're gonna be wrapped up and whatever
the fuck you're doing and then when you
go do stand-up you Billy oh yeah time to
do stand-up now I'll think about it you
know you really need that time to be
just free to think yeah it's kind of
crucial to the creative process I don't
think about that but that's true cuz
those other jobs you you have mental
focus that you're not dedicating to
writing bits right yeah where I'm in a
diner and yeah my mind's just floating
around it seems like you're not working
like someone on the outside would be
like you're not even working I might
come up with a gem that might be my next
closing bit yeah that is worth randomly
yeah because you gave yourself that time
yeah like you just are watering
grass and a mushroom pops up even with
me I think there was a big breakthrough
and just accepting that I'm an artist
because you know my parents don't want
me to do it for so long it was this
dirty thing and it was always a process
whose go to the club so stand-up in
comedy was I was like a vampire feeding
it was just this thing that I do over
here and I want to do it but it was
always different than what I supposed to
be doing it was always on the side it's
like a hobby type or I would there was a
division within my mind but once I left
Boeing and I was doing it full-time
what was the impetus like what how did
you make the decision ideally I always
had this pie-in-the-sky scenario that
would happen for me to leave
Boeing I would think alright if I got to
the point where I'm doing engineering
and standup I wanted it to a point where
it's glaringly obvious that engineering
is holding me back from this other path
and I have to make the jump so I needed
that to happen and then I think enough
things happen where I kind of had that
situation I had I booked this acting
thing I booked a role on Chuck NBC's
Chuck I was still working at Boeing it
was like this huge gas dollar charge
yeah yeah so I will now do these things
towards the end of my tenure at Boeing I
would I had a manager and get auditions
so I would duck out for lunch and I'm in
Long Beach now would drive up to
Hollywood and do an audition and wow I
want to be gone for that one I would
like do a combo I'd say lunch and
doctor's appointment huh and then I
would do or I would take off or come in
early and leave early if I had an
audition but I had to be very strategic
about what audition I can't be bad Asia
so this one I went out for Chuck and
then I audition and then I got it this
is huge guest star I'm still working at
Boeing and they need me for eight days I
have a day job so I said I had a family
emergency and Seattle I have to go back
home and they're like oh okay but I was
just in Burbank shooting Chuck shooting
and then I go back to work and people
see you know luckily there was enough of
a lead time where that wasn't coming out
for a long time so he quit no not yet so
I just thought like okay cool
like I still keep on I can keep on being
an engineer and then a couple things
happen did anybody notice you
on chalk when I but the thing is that
happened when I left Boeing so so weird
after I had left oh how much lead time
was there quite up quite a bit maybe
like six months or almost towards the
end um
and so no one knew I did stand-up and
the beauty of it was when I entered the
workforce of engineering everyone was
substantially older than me they were
like in dirties or they don't know about
hype machine yeah I don't know the hype
machine so it was a second nature to be
like what's your MySpace or cuz jig
would have been up immediately yeah so
social media was not second nature with
coworkers so there was a big enough
generational gap so I was able to for
three years just no one know anything so
I do the Chuck thing and then I also I
got really far and standard NBC has this
standard for diversity initiative every
year you do like a stand-up competition
thing from different cities and then
they have a final showcase so I got like
second on that so I got some college
gigs out of it I got quite a few college
gigs and then I booked this show on MTV
called disaster date which was like
boiling points for dating they had a
cast and I was one of the catheters and
you just go on dates with friends would
set up their friends with dates and
there'd be like this is the things that
she hates and you would just be the
worst date ever and you see how long
they last on the date so they need me
for eight months or no three months fun
what do I do yeah yeah three months so
this was kind of that situation where
I'm like fuck all right I just did Chuck
I have some college gigs lined up this
MTV show needs me for three months I got
it I got to do this I didn't do that yet
I try to take a leave of absence because
I plan on coming back I was like can I I
need something came up gonna be gone for
three months middle and they're like no
you can't do that I'm like um are you
sure he's kept I'm trying to finesse it
and they wouldn't let me and then I was
reading about unemployment and stuff and
I read that you couldn't quit you had to
get fired
yeah yeah so I'm like all right um
here's what I do so I wrote my last day
there I wrote an email just like hey
guys I'm be gone for this three months I
plan on returning on this day and then I
just went incommunicado like I didn't I
didn't pick up any phone calls if I was
gonna get fired I want to get fired by
them right
because I didn't want them I didn't want
to run the books that I quit right for
some reason my engineering brain is like
this is great I'll get them on a
technicality they'll fire me and I'll
get my unemployment if I need to so I
leave mowing I'm shooting the show for
three months and then eventually I get a
termination letter in the mail from
Boeing yes but then it turns out I mean
I could have collected unemployment from
the MTV show so I didn't even have to go
out that way
oh really yeah I mean it was fine like
it wasn't yeah Ari used to collect
unemployment for dude he was he was like
my guiding light in that regard because
early on especially when I left Boeing
and the MTV thing comes and goes I do
two seasons of it and then but that's
not like a fucking it's got a rock-solid
thing and Ari would show me the ropes
he'd be like buddies collect
unemployment from an acting job you get
a nice jump than unemployment that's how
it fucking works yeah you taught me how
to do it and I've never heard of anybody
getting unemployment from acting gigs
yeah alright would do a commercial
that's how it works employees you pay
into it and all that it's all on the
up-and-up
it's just part of an actor's I guess
requirement or necessity of an actor is
being available yes so if you booked a
commercial like a Toyota commercial
let's say you make 30 grand or 20 grand
whatever in that chunk you've made
enough money in that quarter tool to
apply because you're paying into it with
the thing well you have to hit a certain
amount mm-hmm and then you're eligible
there's tears of how much money you get
for unemployment then you're eligible
for X amount of dollars every two weeks
or whatever and that helped me keep a
full frog a year and then I got to the
point where I didn't need I didn't need
it I had enough study work coming in but
that was when I'll tell you my parents I
thought that they would take it worse
and they did but I think we had been at
odds for so long that what I've noticed
is you can't stay in an 11 your whole
life right yeah so I think they had to
know this day was gonna come eventually
because I would talk about that was a
plan the whole time I guess it's never
thought that it would come to fruition
now when you quit how long did you wait
or when you got fired how long did you
wait before you told them you don't have
a day job anymore yeah it was around
Christmas around the holidays so we were
at my aunts house and then I told I told
that like it went over better than I
thought yeah I was surprised
what did you say all the good things
you're getting yeah yeah obviously come
on
yeah I quit and I'm gonna figure it out
I'll figure it out but I like coming you
guys for money later
but I'm really proud of that in this
whole adventure I've never asked my
parents for money and I think that's a
win yes that's a huge win that's a huge
win yeah and I hope that they kind of
noticed that through the tough times is
I never that that's a sign it's going
well they should figure that out that's
a giant win yeah but I mean I just want
to tell people if they have a similar
path that you don't there's this
romanticized version of being an artist
where you just pack up all your things
coming to LA yeah man like no I gotta be
a hundred percent of my art yeah you
have a plan do you you want to set
yourself up for success or are you
trying to throw are you an artist are
you an engineer you be both none there's
a lot of hours in the day you're that
you're a prime example event it's
amazing all the things you do there are
so many hours in a day and it's such a
cop-out to be like I've got to be all in
it I'm gonna live and breathe my art
otherwise I may be a hack now be
methodical set yourself up for success
well I think you have to be disciplined
disciplined for sure I think it's very
romantic and discipline
contrary to popular opinion you can yeah
and you have to be careful not to lose
yourself once come to LA how many people
do you know who come out here with a
particular plan to like be an artist or
a writer and their fucking birthday
parties every day like it when you come
to LA you can go to songs birthday party
at a bar every day really oh yeah yeah
there's so many it's everyone's birthday
every everyday - this town's so big yeah
that's true so you get yeah you'll see
it - some artists just get like they'll
go down this networking rabbit hole and
they have no tangible and they never
want to do a bad show they just want to
do the best shows and they don't just
focus on getting good at stand-up comedy
it's just I'm going to this party
someone's else here and they have
nothing do you ever envision a time
where one of us or maybe a collection of
us writes down all these things but he
knows like some sort of a guidebook to
stand-up comedy I really think yeah
someone could benefit from it I mean
this it
really is the only art form that as
we're saying before is a viable art form
and large scale that doesn't have an
e-book or nothing yeah not I mean every
fucking book about comedy like how to do
comedies terrorist yeah you know what's
weird you know what's scary there's all
these formulas mm-hmm
I think podcasting has taken some of the
mystique out of it yes I think it's also
created a bunch of fans of the process
too
sure like I've talked to people that
have like come up to me at the Comedy
Store and said hey I saw you first do
that bit a year ago and then I watched
it change and then when it became on
your Netflix specials like holy shit
like look at it it's kind of cool to see
it grow and become viable yeah I think
it's cool that there's an audience for
that or that they value that because I
think it's easy to assume the end
consumer just won't see the finished
product
yeah but their comedy fans are so savvy
now they want to see that process hmm
and they feel like they're let in like
you know cool like it's not a magic
trick anymore
no no no it's different yeah no I agree
listen man I'm glad I got you in here
my pleasure brother my pleasure yeah and
it's always cool seeing you at the store
you're funny motherfucker
thanks man and I wish all the best so
tell everybody what your Instagram
what is the it's Fahim Anwar so just my
name Twitter same Fahim an or and then
I'm a special an Amazon called
there's no business like show business
so people to watch that I was on Amazon
yeah but it was acquired so it wasn't
like an original I didn't see so oh
today but everyone knew that was going
down yeah yeah brother thank you very
much
thank you too bye everybody